Rush Limbaugh
RUSH: Let's go to the Obama sound bites. I think this kind of behavior (I really do, folks) should be But here's the first bite, number three. This is the pep rally and the way it began.OBAMA: Despite several lost weeks out of the gate because of problems with the website, FOLLOWERS: (cheers and applause)OBAMA: -- insurance plans through these marketplaces -- 7.1! ... No, the Affordable Care Act hasn't completely fixed our long-broken health care system. But this law has made our health care system a lot better.FOLLOWERS: (silence)OBAMA: A lot better!FOLLOWERS: (smattering of applause)(impersonating Obama) "Look at how many people are paying their taxes today, all because of me, all right, let's have a big party." Bogus. It's mandatory, 7.1, they can't even document the number, and even if it is true, 7.1 is nothing when the law requires everybody. But I think as I said earlier, this is beneath the dignity of the office. This is Obama joining Dingy Harry in essentially calling all the people with these Obamacare horror stories a liar.OBAMA: I gotta admit, I don't get it. Why are folks working so hard for people not to have health insurance? Why are they so mad about the idea of folks having health insurance? Many of the tall tales that have been told about this law have been debunked. There are still no death panels. (laughter) Armageddon has not arrived.RUSH: But there are death panels! There already are decisions being made who gets treated and who doesn't. "I gotta admit I don't get it. Why are folks working so hard for people not to have health insurance?" Mr. President, you're the only guy that's canceling people's health insurance. You're the only guy making that happen. Not me. There's not one Republican who's taken anybody's health insurance away from 'em. There's not one Republican nor one conservative who wants to take anybody's health insurance away from 'em.Nobody is taking anybody's health insurance away from anybody except you, sir. There is nobody in the opposition to Barack Obama who is mad about people getting health insurance or treatment. There is nobody upset about anybody getting insurance or getting treatment. What people are upset about is you are breaking a system under the guise of reforming it. You are putting it under your control, and you don't know what you're doing.You're not qualified to run this system. You're not qualified to run health care. You're not qualified to run health insurance. You're not qualified to run a hospital or a whole series of them or anything of the sort. You're not qualified to run an HMO. You've never done anything like it. You've not even paid for your own health care ever before. You don't know anything about this. People don't like being lied to for three straight years. People don't like seeing their policies canceled. They don't like seeing their premiums doubled and their deductibles tripled. They don't like seeing their prescription costs skyrocket when they're told the opposite.It was you, Mr. President, that promised everybody that the average health care premium's gonna come down $2,500 a year. Nobody's seeing that. Nobody is working hard for people not to have health insurance. What people are trying to accomplish, what we seek to achieve is the preservation of the greatest health care system the world has ever devised. You, Mr. President, have it in your crosshairs, and you are trying to destroy it under the guise you know better how to fix it. We're not trying to work hard for people not to have health insurance. We're not mad about people having health insurance. Maybe some of us get mad at having to pay for other people's health insurance, involuntarily.Maybe a lot of people are kind of fed up, Mr. President, with your hand being in their back pockets all day, every day. Maybe people who are providing for themselves are little upset being told they're the problems, that they're not paying their fair share, and here comes your big hand in their back pocket and taking money out and giving it to somebody else, or forcing them to do that. "Many of the tall tales that have been told about this law have been debunked." No, they have not.Just the other day a couple, Covered California, received in their packet a premarked voter registration card for the Democrat Party, exactly what we predicted would happen on this program, and that couple is afraid to change that registration, Mr. President, 'cause they're afraid of you. They're afraid of their own government. They're afraid of retribution if they cancel the fact that you preregistered them in the Democrat Party, or that Covered California did. There aren't any tall tales being told. So now you're calling all these people that have been denied cancer treatment liars, joining with Dingy Harry on this? That's why this is beneath the dignity of the office, I think.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: And another sound bite from the Rose Garden victory lap yesterday afternoon. And if you don't like Obamacare, if you dare to oppose Obamacare, you are on the wrong side of history. Here is the president in the Rose Garden, the victory lap continued.OBAMA: The debate over repealing this law is over. (applause) The Affordable Care Act is here to stay. In the end, history is not kind to those who would deny Americans their basic economic security. Nobody remembers well those who stand in the way of America's progress or our people. And that's what the Affordable Care Act represents. As messy as it's been sometimes, as contentious as it's been sometimes, it is progress. It is making sure that we are not the only advanced country on earth that doesn't make sure everybody has basic health care.RUSH: Well, except that we do make sure that everybody has basic health care. There's not a person in this country that doesn't get treated. All they gotta do is go to the emergency room. It's the law of the land. (impersonating Obama) "We're the only the civilized country that doesn't have forced health care, only civilized country in the world, western industrialized, doesn't have socialized medicine." Well, maybe there's a reason why we're the only one that didn't have socialized medicine. It is not progress. That's the problem. It's destruction. It's an absolute mess, is what this program is.