Rush Limbaugh
RUSH:Yeah, I'm gonna get to the Caterpillar thing. I'll be able to explain to you exactly why Caterpillar is undergoing an inquisition today. I just have to turn back the hands of time to the archives, the Grooveyard of Forgotten Favorites of RUSH:Covered California. This is from Channel 13 Eyeball News Sacramento. On the deadline to sign up for health coverage through Covered California, some hearing-impaired residents were sent to a chat line offering 'hot ladies' instead of an insurance navigator. With the deadline looming, an Auburn man scrambled to sign up for Covered California."A page on the site where users can calculate the cost of coverage lists an incorrect phone number," and they've got the number here. I'm not going to give it out. "The number, which was correct on the Contact Us page, is similar, but just one digit off... So what does the incorrect number go to?" Well, when you call that number, it's answered this way:"'Welcome to America's hottest talk line. Ladies, to talk to interesting and exciting guys free, press one now. Guys, hot ladies are waiting to talk to you. Press two to connect free now,' the recording says." So Covered California was sending people to... What do you call these? (interruption) There's a... (interruption) Sex talk? What do you call these...? (interruption) What do you call it when you...? (interruption)What do you call it when you call and have sex on the phone? What is...? (interruption) Well, it's got a specific name. It's escaping me. "Jeff Brown," the Auburn, California, guy, "admits he dialed that number, thinking he was signing up for health insurance." It was deaf callers, people that are hearing-impaired that got this number. So either somebody was playing a prank on 'em or it was a typically bureaucratic error and had an incorrect phone number up on the website. RUSH:"The National Football Leagues has partnered with an app developer that will allow fans to get an in-seat visit from cheerleaders. Sports Business Journal reports the NFL has teamed up with Experience --" that's the name of the company, the app "-- in an effort to help improve the in-game experience for fans. On top of having cheerleaders visit fans in their seats, the app will allow fans the opportunity to upgrade their seats and also allowing them to be on the field before the game."Three teams -- the Atlanta Falcons, Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Seattle Seahawks -- used the app last year and Brian Lafemina, the NFLs senior vice president of club business development, believes that number will increase substantially. 'They believe up to half the league will be deployed for the 2014 season,' he told Sports Business Journal.The Falcons said they sold about 800 experiences per game among its 3,000 season ticket holders." Oh, come on, they've got more than 3,000 season ticket holders. That's gotta be a mistake. They've got more than 3,000 season ticket -- well, it doesn't matter."Anything from pregame on-field, to a birthday message, to cheerleader visits --" What in the world are the cheerleaders gonna do when they visit you at your seat? Is a cheerleader gonna sit on your lap? (interruption) Well, what is the cheerleader gonna do? (interruption) If you wanted a cheerleader to come to your seat during a game, what would be the reason? (interruption) Okay. So you would want a picture taken with the cheerleader? (interruption) You would want a personal in-depth conversation with the cheerleader? You would want a dance? You wouldn't want to hear the cheerleader's take on game strategy? You don't want to learn about the cheerleader's day and what her job -- (interruption) You don't want the cheerleader to talk?So if you wanted a cheerleader visit to your seat during the game, you don't want her to talk? You just want her to dance? You want a picture taken with her? (interruption) You know, when you come down to it, this is something that you really can't do watching at home. You can't have one of the real cheerleaders show up on your sofa. You can dress somebody up as one. But you wouldn't have a real cheerleader. Did you know this was going on? You're a Tampa Bay Buccaneers fan. Did you know this was going on? (interruption) I didn't, either. First I've heard of it. RUSH:Do you know that in all of this, all of these sightings in the search for Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 they have not spotted one piece of debris? Not one. Now, I don't know why I'm surprised at that. Well, actually I do, because in the past week I've just been watching this with glances. I have not sat down and actually watched this for any length of time.So here, doing the program, I'll look up and I'll see for five seconds a graphic of what looks like 50 pieces of debris that have been spotted in the ocean, and then they'll have arrows and grids and little squares marked off that show the new search area. I'm thinking, "Well, maybe they've found something out there." And I just saw a graphic, zilch, zero, nada. They haven't found one thing.I don't think they have slightest idea where this thing is. And the Malaysian prime minister, who knows, and then late yesterday the news was that time was running out. And now there's five days of battery time left in the orange boxes. Flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder. RUSH: Ah, this is earth-shattering. CNN broke into its coverage of no news on the Malaysian airliner. They actually broke into that to report that the CEO of General Motors is going to apologize. That's big news when a CEO apologizes, and the CEO is a woman. Her name is Barra, B-a-r-r-a. I wonder if she's a member of the UAW. I mean, they own General Motors. BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: So there she is, the CEO of General Motors, Mary Barra. (I don't know how she pronounces it. It's B-a-r-r-a.) She might pronounce it Barra. Anyway, she is sitting at the table. She's testifying on whatever happened with these General Motors cars and the ignition problem that, what, kill people.What I want to know is, where is the UAW? Because this own the company. Are they sitting at the table next to her? Are the owners taking any responsibility for these lapses or are they dumping it on to her? She hasn't been the CEO that long. Maybe Henry "Nostrilitis" Waxman will ask her that.RUSH:I see Obama is also gonna go out and take a victory lap around 4:15 or 4:30 today, as though he's really accomplished something. "Seven million! Seven million!" Uh, why is Obama going to go out at 4:15 instead of the usual 12 o'clock? I don't know. Maybe to eliminate any commentary on the radio about what he says until the next day. I don't know.But I do know he's gonna go out there and say, "Oh, man, look what I made happen! Look what I pulled off. We got our seven million! Uh, we're right on schedule, and everything's going well, and it's just exactly what I planned." And, of course, it's gonna be on TV, so people are gonna believe it. I don't know. Maybe I need to do an historical look-back, a treatise or something, on when did this country actually become majority stupid.I'd actually like to know when that happened. It might help my mental health for the rest of the year. When did this country become majority stupid? By that I mean, when did they become dumbed down? (interruption) I know, I know, I know. I used to be the guy that refused to agree with that premise, I know. But it's gotten to the point that you put it on TV and it's true. Put it on TV and it's true.