Rush Limbaugh
RUSH: I'm not quite through with When he would leave an appearance on Piers Morgan, he'd go straight to Twitter. Here's a typical tweet from Leland Yee back on December 14th: "A year after Sandy Hook, let us recommit ourselves to working towards a safer society for all of us." I wonder how long Yee might have been allegedly helping to run guns? I wonder if he was involved in Fast and Furious, for example.But here's a guy tweeting that we need to "recommit ourselves to working towards a safer society for all of us," and this guy's out running M16s, $2 million worth. Now, as I mentioned, "Charlotte Mayor Patrick Cannon is facing public corruption charges after prosecutors said he solicited $48,000 in cash, airline tickets, a hotel room and the use of a luxury apartment as bribes from undercover FBI agents posing as developers."Former Trenton, NJ, Mayor Tony Mack was convicted in February of taking money in exchange for getting approval in 2012 to develop a downtown parking garage that only existed in a federal sting. He is awaiting sentencing. He is one of a long list of New Jersey mayors to face corruption charges since 2000, including the leaders of Newark, Camden, Paterson, Perth Amboy, Hoboken, Passaic, Asbury Park, Orange and Hamilton."These are all Democrats.The story does not say that, by the way.They're all Democrats."Former San Diego Mayor Bob Filner," you remember him, "resigned last August after a number of sexual harassment allegations. He pleaded guilty to false imprisonment and misdemeanor battery in October..." Now, these are all Democrats, and all of these stings and scandal investigations took place during the Obama administration, and they run the FBI. Something is going on here.You would never expect this to happen unless... No, I don't even want to speculate. I'll just take it for what it is at face value. "Former Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick is serving 28 years in prison after being convicted in October of extortion, bribery, conspiracy and other crimes." Now, keep in mind as you hear all that, it's the Tea Party that poses the biggest threat to this country.Yeah. It's the Tea Party.Again, they don't say Democrats here."Federal law enforcement officials arrested two public officials in California and North Carolina and raided the office of a New York state senator in connection with separate corruption investigations on Wednesday. Hundreds of federal agents conducted searches of offices around the San Francisco Bay Area and arrested several people on Tuesday, including state Sen. Leland Yee (D) and a former head of a Hong Kong-based crime syndicate..."Charlotte Mayor Patrick Cannon... William Scarborough," an assemblyman. Both Democrats. "Investigators raided the Gee King Tong Free Masons offices in Chinatown, which [Raymond "Shrimp Boy"] Chow runs." He was one of the associates of California state senator (Democrat) Leland Yee. Now, folks, if this is strictly Democrats -- which, so far, it is. We don't know if there are other investigations yet to be revealed.This mayor of Charlotte, by the way, has only been mayor for six months. It didn't take them long to size this guy up, for example. The FBI has been working on all of this for years -- and not a peep, folks! In North Carolina, they've been setting up former mayor Cannon since 2010. They spent over $480,000 to do it. It's hard to conclude otherwise. It's like the FBI has been working secretly behind the scenes since Obama was elected.If this sweep is strictly Democrats, which so far it is, what does that mean? What does that tell you? Does it tell you anything? (interruption) Well, that is a possibility. It is entirely possible that what's going on here is that the head honchos of the Democrat Party are basically behind an effort to take out all of their bad apples before the election; make 'em old news by the time the election comes around.The timing here is obviously curious, and it really is hard to believe the FBI would be working against the wishes of the Regime. Isn't it? That's really hard to calculate. So it could well be that the Democrats know they got some bad apples and they're gonna just clear the decks, just get rid of all of them early enough in the year so that when the election comes around and their opponents start talking about it, it's old news."Nothing to see here!"However, it's not all that big. I've got one sound bite on it. I'm talking it's big, big. But in the Drive-Bys, you're not seeing a whole lot of it, is my point. We did put together a montage. We can call this "the Culture of Corruption." Prominent Democrat politicians have been arrested all across the fruited plain within the last week. This is a 44-second montage of various Drive-By reporters from all over the country...DAN ASHLEY: State Senator Leland Yee is in federal court right now facing a seven-count felony indictment of gun trafficking and political corruption. His stunning arrest happened this morning as the FBI raided multiple Bay Area locations.MAUREEN O'BOYLE: Charlotte Mayor Patrick Cannon arrested, accused of bribery, theft and corruption.MIKE MONTECALVO: (b-roll noise) Federal and state law enforcement execute two search warrants targeting the home and office of Rhode Island House Speaker, Gordon Fox.ROMA TORRE: The FBI raids the home, office, and Albany hotel room of a state assemblyman from Queens. Investigators carried away boxes of William Scarborough's files. The assemblyman is accused of abusing his expense vouchers.CYNTHIA BRUNO: Former Illinois state representative Keith Farnham is being investigated for child pornography.RUSH: Oh, big time there! Keith Farnham is being investigated for child pornography, and the assemblyman's accused of "abusing his expense vouchers." Would you like to see that? How do you abuse an expense voucher? I know what the infobabe means, but that's not what you say. You know, in our common culture, when you start saying that somebody abused their expense vouchers, the low-information crowd's gonna say, "Well, gee, can you show me how that's done? Is it cool?"Dingy Harry belongs in any discussion of a culture of corruption. And, in fact, years ago the LA Times did a huge expose on Dingy Harry's fraudulent, smarmy, sneaky land deals in Nevada and elsewhere. Yesterday in Washington on Capitol Hill, there was a Senate Democrat press conference, and Dingy Harry spoke. During the Q&A;, an unidentified Drive-By reporter and Dingy Harry went at it.REPORTER: Your decision yesterday to reimburse your campaign $17,000 --REID: I think it was $16,000, but whatever.REPORTER: Was that an acknowledgement that it was wrong to use your granddaughter --REID: No, no --REPORTER: -- as a vendor and --REID: No, no in fact...REPORTER: -- can you say why --REID: No, no in fact --REPORTER: -- you decided to do that in the first place?REID: No, in fact it wasn't. We complied with all the rules, that was said. I just wanted to avoid -- and I'm very fortunate that I can write that check, so Im - it's all done. But everything was complied with beforehand.REPORTER: Well --REID: I'm not going to answer --REPORTER: -- what was the reasoning in the first place?REID: Read my statement.RUSH: I'm not gonna answer. Read my statement. Shut up! You know who you're talking to? I've taken care of it, I can write that check. You can't. I'm lucky I can. I have money and you don't, so shut up. I'm Harry Reid. Except he never talks that loud. You know, speaking of having a cold, when I hear Harry Reid, I want to constantly either blow my nose or clear my throat. That voice, it sounds like he needs a drain in there, just sounds like there's so much saliva floating around in his mouth that you just -- I don't know. It makes me nervous. And let's just listen to a montage of Democrats, this is 2006, when they ran to recapture the House on the supposed culture of corruption that was the Republican Party.LOUISE SLAUGHTER: We will expose the deepest roots of the culture of corruption.HARRY REID: This is a culture of corruption.NANCY PELOSI: The Republican culture of corruption.HARRY REID: I know a little bit about corruption.OBAMA: Political corruption.NANCY PELOSI: The culture of corruption.RUSH: I think Pelosi was very tight with Democrat State Senator Leland Yee, if I'm not mistaken.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Now, one thing about the Dingy Harry corruption, I just want to give you the details of what happened. Dingy Harry's scandal this year -- Remember, folks, the reason why -- I'm interrupting myself here to make an observation. It was the House Bank Scandal and the House Post Office Scandal that came to light in 1990, maybe a little earlier than that, but you can talk about the Contract with America, and it did matter. But the only reason -- well, no, I can't say the only reason.The House Post Office Scandal actually featured things like this. Member of Congress would walk into the post office in the House -- remember, now, this before e-mail had been popularized -- walk in with a donation check of five grand and buy $50 worth of stamps and take the change in cash. The House bank was even worse than that. It was everybody, but the Democrats ran the House. I mean, the Republicans hardly had 150 members.There were a lot of things that happened. This program had started and for the first time nationally Democrats were being laughed at, made fun of, criticized, and honestly spoken about. Then the Republicans came along, and they did have an attractive agenda. The Contract with America and strategy. They nationalized the elections, but I'm telling, the scandal did them in. The element of the Republican victory had nothing to do with ideas. It was just we need a change, we just need to sweep the place clean.I think there is some credence to the idea that the Democrats are trying to get all of these scandals nailed and out of the way before the election so that it's old news by then. It doesn't make any sense otherwise. The Regime's not gonna sick the FBI on its friends. Now, what Dingy Harry was doing, his scandal involved him giving almost $17,000 worth of gifts that were paid for by his campaign funds, which is illegal. You can't take money in your campaign coffer and use it to buy presents for people. Added to this, he further bought the gifts that he gave away from his granddaughter. So the money stayed in the family.So he had 17 grand in campaign donations that he turned around and used to buy presents for people that he bought from his granddaughter. And it was not like he shouldn't know the law. I mean, he got caught back in 2006 using campaign money to buy Christmas gifts and give out tips at the Ritz-Carlton, which is where his condo is, or was. So that's what he was doing, and that's what he was denying (imitating Reid), "Oh, I didn't know anything about it, but I wrote the check, and it was $16,000, not 17,000, get it right. But I'm lucky; I have money; I could write the check. You don't have any money; you couldn't write the check. So leave me alone."It's tempting to say these guys cannot win aboveboard, fair fight, arena of ideas. They just can't. And they know it. So they stack the deck in their favor as many chances as they can.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Here's Mike in Morgan Hill, California. Great to have you on the EIB Network. Hello.CALLER: Good afternoon, Rush. Twenty years of dittos to you.RUSH: Thank you very much, sir. Appreciate that.CALLER: Yeah. Just a small comment for you, if you could do us a favor out here.RUSH: Yeah.CALLER: When you're referring to state Senator Leland Yee, Democrat from California, would you please include the word "San Francisco" in the title?RUSH: Happily, happily so. San Francisco Democrat Senator Leland Yee. Absolutely. I think that's probably proper. It's correct identification.CALLER: We would be greatly appreciative. And, by the way, thank you so much for the books that you wrote. My kids and I are thoroughly enjoying them.RUSH: Thank you very much. I appreciate your comment. We've donated about 20,000, I think, so far, to schools. And classics, too, not just our book. We are donating all kinds of classic American authors, along with my classic works (laughing) to schools all over the country, and it's been really rewarding. I appreciate your comment. I really do.Here's Fritz in Flat Rock, North Carolina. Welcome, sir, to the EIB Network. Hello.CALLER: Thank you so much Rush. I appreciate your taking my call and --RUSH: You bet.RUSH: So, let's see, the extravagance of a person's behavior is directly proportional to their guilt?CALLER: Right. Let's take the instance of Ken Starr. Remember how he was accused and vilified?RUSH: Ken Starr, right, he was a sex pervert.CALLER: Okay. And the people who were vilifying him were so guilty of the very thing they were accusing him of.RUSH: Okay, yeah, it's projection. They will always identify what they're guilty of by accusing others of doing it.CALLER: And to the degree that they are being extravagant in this behavior --RUSH: True. But in this case of San Francisco Democrat Leland Yee, it's just the allegation so far. It's just the indictment so we don't really know the degree of San Francisco Democrat senator Leland Yee's guilt.CALLER: Dingy Harry, Algore, Bill Clinton, Hillary, remember the guy with the bouffant hairdo, Blagojevich?RUSH: Oh, yeah.CALLER: From Illinois.RUSH: The Cabbage Patch kid looking guy, yeah, Blagojevich. Yeah, yeah.CALLER: Was he behaving extravagantly, going on TV and going on The View trying to defend himself with all the women?RUSH: I don't even remember. I'll take your word for it that he was.CALLER: Rush, you'll be able to remember the guy who used to get up on the floor of the House and say, "Beam me up, Scotty," I believe he was from Ohio.RUSH: Oh, yeah. James Traficant. What a great guy.CALLER: Traficant. When he turned his repertoire to the Democrat Party, I believe it was to the Clintons, did he not? Bang, right to prison.RUSH: Yeah, Traficant did turn his fire on somebody. I don't remember if it was the Clintons, but when he did that, miraculously indictments were handed up. Do you know, by the way, in which instance indictments are handed up and in which instance indictments are handed down? Grand jury hands 'em down. Who hands 'em up? Dawn, do you know? It's interesting, isn't it? Something you read the news, an indictment was handed up this afternoon, blah, blah, indictment was handed down this afternoon. Which instance does an indictment get handed up? I don't know. I brought this up one time, somebody calls, "It doesn't. It's never handed up. I don't know what you're talking about." I said, "Well, I saw it in the media. It was on TV. It had to happen. Somebody on TV handed -- maybe it was a TV show -- somebody handed up an indictment." Yeah, Blago went on The View. He did. Anyway, Fritz, I appreciate the call.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: We just had a caller from a guy who wanted to add to my Undeniable Truths of Life. I've often warned people, don't try this at home. Leave it to the professionals, highly trained specialists like me. But, nevertheless, this guy had a unique observation. He said, these guys, they're often found guilty of doing exactly what they accuse us of doing, and in many cases they're found guilty of doing the opposite of what they publicly stand for, like Leland Yee, San Francisco Democrat senator indicted for running M16s, weapons trafficking.But here are the details. Keith Farnham, who looks like Jack Kevorkian with a little more weight. You know, Kevorkian was this cadaverous looking little guy. This guy looks just like Kevorkian, white hair, the dark, deep inset eyes, but a little heavier."He resigned last week from the State Legislature in Illinois, citing 'health reasons.' This week, the FBI raided his house, because they have probable cause to merit a search warrant based on evidence that there may be CHILD PORNOGRAPHY on one of his computers. In fact, the Chicago Tribune had this to say about this apparently non-story (because no one is reporting about it, really, except conservative news sites): 'Federal agents sought evidence of child pornography last week when they seized computers from the Elgin district office of former state Rep. Keith Farnham, who resigned Wednesday, according to a search warrant released Friday. In addition, a federal agent on Thursday took a laptop computer that Farnham used in the Illinois House chamber, and last week agents removed a computer from a legislative office building next to the Capitol, according to the documents and an interview with a state technology official. Asked about the child pornography matter, Farnham, 66, said Friday in a phone interview: "I cant comment about any of it."'"A tireless advocate for children. Of course! Every Democrat's a tireless advocate for the children. In this case old Keith Farnham apparently was using his advocacy for children to cover up the fact that he really likes child porn. And that was the point that our previous caller was making. This goes beyond hypocrisy, but they are that. But most of their political life is a cover for what they're actually doing.Now, Traficant, by the way, I looked up what happened to James Traficant. I had to refresh my memory on it. James Traficant was indicted on federal corruption charges for taking campaign funds for personal use back in 2002. Really? So what in the world is Harry Reid doing walking around a free man? This is exactly what Harry Reid did. Harry Reid took 16 grand from his campaign stash and he spent it on buying presents for people. He spent the money with the company owned by his granddaughter so the money stayed in the family. He was asked about it. (imitating Reid) "No, no, no, no. Glad I got this straightened out. I'm very fortunate I could write the check. I was able to write the check for that amount. You can't. I can. I'm better than you are. Shut up. Don't ask me any more about it. Just read my statement. Go to hell."And that was his basic press conference. Traficant did the same thing. Traficant was conflicted of 10 felony accounts including bribery, racketeering, tax evasion. He was sentenced to a federal prison where he served seven years. Now, just try to imagine that happening to a real Democrat. Traficant was not a real Democrat because he was not marching the party line each and every day. He had problems with what Democrats were doing. He lived in a conservative district in ways.Look at all of these guys. Charlie Rangel, multiple offices being paid for by the taxpayers and nothing happens, and we know why. BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Dan in Bakersfield, California, where Senator Leland Yee is from. How are you, sir?CALLER: I'm doing great, Rush. Thanks for taking my call.RUSH: You bet.CALLER: I've been a long-time listener since day one.RUSH: I appreciate that.CALLER: Anyway, the FBI stuff is exciting, but I don't know how they do it in the rest of country, but in California, we had one of our high-ranking senators busted back in I believe it was in August or September. It was for using campaign funds for personal usage, about $250,000 worth. He got a $60,000 fine and no time. So I don't know if they're trying to bust everybody now while they can --RUSH: Was this guy a Democrat?CALLER: Of course.RUSH: I take it back. He's in California. Yeah, there's no Republicans elected out there.CALLER: That's right.RUSH: Yeah. Okay. So $250,000 worth of illegal campaign use and he got a $60,000 fine and is walking free like Harry Reid?CALLER: Yeah, that's correct, yeah.RUSH: Well... (sigh)CALLER: Absolutely.RUSH: I don't know. It depends on pleas, and what kind of evidence they actually had or didn't have, but it's just another Democrat. They are trying to clear the decks for something. There's no question about that.