Rush Limbaugh
RUSH: Here's Steven in Murray, Utah, as we move on down the line here on Open Line Friday. Hi, Steven.CALLER: Hi, Rush. I am blind, and I gotta tell you about the audio book ofCALLER: There are some, but this is a free service for the blind, and, like I say --RUSH: Oh. Free service to the blind. Okay.CALLER: Yeah. That's how I read the Pilgrim books. I just wanted to tell you I really enjoyed it because you have a great narrator, reading an unabridged book, it's fantastic. And I love the fact that you RUSH: Well, Vince Flynn. I did dedicate Rush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims to him, in addition to just being a close friend. For those of you who never met Vince Flynn, I want you to think about any Special Forces character you've read about, or any Army Ranger or Navy SEAL, and that's Vince.CALLER: Or Jack Bauer, yeah.CALLER: The one book, Rush.RUSH: One book.CALLER: The second one.RUSH: Oh, you haven't got the second one yet?CALLER: I haven't got the first one.RUSH: Wait a minute. How did you hear me read the first one?CALLER: I heard the second one through a computerized voice, through the services for the blind. So I got the second book on CD.RUSH: Oh, I misunderstood. I thought you heard the audio book.CALLER: I have not heard you read the first one.RUSH: Okay. I may have to start over. I'm totally confused. My book was read to you by who?CALLER: By my mother. Yes.RUSH: Oh, okay.CALLER: Your second book. Then I got the second audio book.RUSH: You haven't heard it yet?CALLER: I haven't heard the first Pilgrim book.RUSH: Okay.CALLER: I haven't heard the Brave Pilgrims read by you.RUSH: Okay, you've heard the second one but you haven't heard the first one?CALLER: That's right.RUSH: Okay. All right. And you liked it?CALLER: I liked it. Yeah. I really liked it. It was very well done.RUSH: Well, do you have the CDs, the audio version of the first one? Do you have it handy?CALLER: I do not.RUSH: Well, I'll send that to you. That's where I was headed with this.CALLER: That would be fantastic.RUSH: Yeah.CALLER: I'd appreciate that.RUSH: But these are children's books. You're an adult. What is it you like about these?CALLER: The fact that there's a narrator reading it and that it's unabridged.RUSH: Yeah, it's not abridged. You know, that is a big deal to people who can't read.CALLER: It is a big deal, and people that aren't familiar with the audio books don't get it, they don't understand it. I think the fact of having a good narrator is sometimes overlooked by people. A good narrator can make an audio book. A bad narrator can break it.RUSH: Yeah. You know, when that's the only way that you can experience the book, if it's somebody that's just in a monotone plowing through it without any inflection or feeling or emoting it can be boring and laborious, actually, for you to have to experience.CALLER: Yes.RUSH: Well, you know what? You made my day here. I'm gonna tell you something, Steven. The reason you made my day is I'm really proud of these audio versions. Each one of them took about four days to do, of four hours each day. Some days my voice wasn't all there, so we had to wait an hour or two 'til it came back. I've spent a lot of time and put a lot of effort into making every page sound like it was the first, in terms of my energy level and all that. Therefore, I am really appreciative of you noticing.CALLER: No problem. Hey, my mother had a suggestion for you. You have the Ted-Tea Bear online, which she loves, and she had a suggestion for you. You gotta make a stuffed Liberty.RUSH: Well, you know what?CALLER: Something like that, maybe.RUSH: I know. You know how businesses work in advance. CALLER: Yeah.RUSH: And then when you do release it, make sure there aren't enough to go around.CALLER: Yeah.RUSH: I'm just kidding. I want you to hold on. Snerdley's gonna get your address so we can send you the audio of the book, and send him a Ted-Tea Bear. Since his mom brought it up, send him a Ted-Tea Bear.