Rush Limbaugh
RUSH: According to media reports, President Obama met with Pope Francis for 52 minutes in the Vatican. Obama didn't intend to show up there. He looked at the word quickly and thought it said "vacation." And when they were pulling up to St. Peter's, Obama said (impersonating Obama), "What -- what -- what -- what are we doing here?""Sir, you said you wanted to come to the Vatican.""No, I said vacation."But it's true, ladies and gentlemen, he sat in Reverend Wright's church for more than 20 years but we're supposed to believe that they had nothing in common. We're supposed to believe that Obama didn't even hear what Reverend Wright said. He just went in there to sort of establish a connection with the Chicago political Mafia and going to Reverend Wright's church is one of the many things the young Obama had to do.Pardon the sniffles. I'm gonna sniffle as little as possible. It's gonna irritate you. I know it irritates me when I hear people sniffle. There's nothing I can do about it, folks. I can't hit the cough button every time or there wouldn't be a program. So I apologize in advance for that. I know it's not polite. I know it's not professional. I know it's uncouth. But what am I gonna do? (coughing) Excuse me. (coughing) Yeah, anyway. Where was I? Oh, yes. What is so funny? They're laughing at my discomfort, a little bit of a disability here today. Not at a hundred percent. But still gaming it.Anyway, we're supposed to believe that Obama had nothing in common with Reverend Wright. In fact, Obama didn't even hear a word Reverend Wright said in those 20 years. He didn't hear all that radical stuff, not familiar with any of that. Now, The Politico says, ladies and gentlemen, that Obama met with the pope. Really, you talk about a reversal of fortunes and you talk about a 180, Putin is not Mr. Cool. In certain places, yes. So he goes over there. He's trying to soak up this income inequality thing that the pope stands for, and the pope's cool factor. The pope's at 85% approval and Obama's almost the same number disapproval. His disapproval number is almost 60% now. The disapproval has never been this high. I mean, it's Panic City inside the Regime. No matter what the Drive-Bys tell you, it is.But I'm not kidding. This is how the media talked about both the papacy and the presidency: "The cool factor." Just to show you how watered down great institutions have become in our modern pop culture, Obama had to go visit the Vicar of Christ to try to get some of the excess "cool factor" that the pope has. In fact, the original Politico headline for their article was: "Obama Wants Halo Effect."Was this scheduled, was this on the itinerary, or did Obama decide to make a detour on his way out of Belgium to Rome? I haven't read enough to know. But you do have to wonder. I mean, the pope knows. The pope is a big guy. He doesn't care. I mean, for the goodness of the world, if whatever he is can rub off on Obama, then fine. He will do it. But, you know, Obama has used Beyonce, he's used Jay-Z, and now the pope.Can you understand, folks...? Try to think of it this way. Can you understand the humiliation of Barack Obama having to meet with the leader of the Catholic Church in order to recapture some cred? Man! If you would have told anybody back in 2008 that 2014 would be so bad for Obama he'd have to trot off to the Vatican to meet with the pope in order to restore his image, can you imagine what they'd have said?I mean, to these people, the Catholic Church is enemy number one. Stop and think of that, too. Obama's big donors are wealthy leftist gay activists who do not like this pope, and they do not like the Catholic Church, and there is Obama trying to soak some of it up. They'll let it slide, but, I mean, this is just not something that anybody would have forecast.But I can't help but think back to the truly historic way that President Reagan and Pope John Paul II worked together to bring down the Soviet Union. When Reagan met with the pope, it was about world affairs and improving the lot in life for millions of citizens. When Obama meets with the pope, as always, it's about Obama. It's about reviving and restoring Obama.When Reagan met with the pope, it was about liberating millions of people from the bonds of communism. But Obama, according to the Drive-By Media, is simply seeking a boost in his "cool factor." The difference is stunning to me.