Rush Limbaugh
RUSH: I led off the program today, one hour ago, with a piece by Freedom of religion?"No way, pal. No way, Jose. Unh-uh."Freedom of speech?"No way!"They have political correctness, their version of censorship. They don't want freedom of speech. You've got to say what they want to hear or you have to be shut up, destroyed. You've got to be taken out. Just in the last year alone (but it's constant), they have fought hard to limit free speech. They have fought hard to limit religious freedom, and the Second Amendment, the right to bear arms.They fight to expand dependency. In fact, they don't even like the Bill of Rights. They don't even like the Constitution. I'm talking about the intellectual leftists. BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: The whole notion that Charles Koch has this piece on improving your life and what is involved in it.We then began a discussion of the left and how they do not like the Constitution because it limits the government, and what I meant to say was, "The elite leftists -- the leftists who are intellectuals, the lawyers and so forth, the professors -- don't like the Constitution." They consider the Constitution "a charter of negative liberties" because it only limits the government.There are not many. They're not for free speech. They're not for freedom association. They don't want you hanging around with people they don't approve of. They don't approve of the Second Amendment at all. Religious freedom? They don't believe in at all. They are fighting to expand dependency and restrict freedom, restrict individual freedom.They fought hard and are continuing to fight hard to forbid a free market in insurance policies for health care. On the other hand, they are desperate for a free market in marijuana. They really want one. They would love for the government to get involved in marijuana, in fact, and license it and produce it and tax it. Until the taxes got too high, then they would join us in that.Now, the idea of the Supreme Court was to make sure the rights established by the Constitution were preserved. That is one of the many intended purposes of the Supreme Court. But now the left even tries to use the Supreme Court to do the exact opposite of that, and that is to enforce their view on the restrictions of individual freedom that they support.They're threatened by it. They are threatened by freedom. They're threatened by freedom of thought, freedom of expression, freedom of religion. They're threatened by it. Stop. Do you care? Are you secure in your life? Do you care enough? As long as nobody is trying to tell you what you can't do, say, or think, do you care what anybody else does?When you get right down to it, you got the moral code. You hope that people obey the law, this kind of thing. But none of you run around demanding everybody agree with you about everything. You're not demanding everybody live their life the way you live yours. You're not demanding that people not do what you don't like. I mean, if somebody wants to smoke, they can. Fine.As long as they're not in your presence, you don't care, for the most part. But that's not who they are. 