Rush Limbaugh
RUSH: Folks, I meant to talk about this actually two days ago. Have you seen -- you have by now, I'm sure -- the story that because of the drought in California and throughout the western coast, the salmon are not able to get where they're supposed to get, and they would otherwise die. So human beings are putting salmon in trucks and other containers of water and actually driving them to where -- babies, salmon babies -- and driving them to where they would otherwise end up.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: The short answer is that we moved all those baby salmon to kill them. You have to have something to put on bagels.BREAK TRANSCRIPTCan you imagine how many years I would get if I went out to the beach and started moving turtle eggs? They have these environmentalist wackos out there on the beach just spying on people. If I went out there and I found a turtle nest and moved it, you know, so I could turn on my lights or something, can you imagine how many years I would get?We're destroying the climate. We're destroying the North Pole. We're destroying everything. And I'm not making this up. Over the course of the many years I've done this program I've chronicled what these people think. There are some that really believe this, and they're not kooks; they are mainstream, if you can say something like that, environmentalist nutcases.So here we are, all of a sudden because of the drought, the baby salmon can't get to where they're supposed to be. Now, I don't accept the idea that the drought's because we caused it, but that's what they think. So we have a duty to move the salmon, but then why are we moving the salmon? Why? We're not doing it to protect the salmon because we're gonna kill them! Because we're gonna eat them. Because they taste good. That is why we are intruding on nature. We are taking advantage of something beautiful in nature, a salmon, and moving it so that we can kill it to eat it. What a bunch of creeps we are."Well, Rush, people have to eat."I know. I'm just putting everything in context for you according to what they tell us from the environmentalist wackos and all of their 501(c)(3)s like the Sierra Club and the Natural Resources Defense Council, that we're the problem. We got no business moving the salmon, especially if we're doing it for us. But somehow it doesn't seem to matter when it's something that liberals like to eat. Not just liberals, but salmon is approved. It isn't beef and it's got a bunch of stuff in it that doesn't matter that they think does, like omega fish oil and all that stuff, which has been proven to be bogus.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: It's Don. Welcome, sir. Great to have you. Hello.CALLER: Hello, Rush. When you were talking about the people carrying the salmon from one place to another, the thought struck me, will they know how to get back? I thought that they had to know the route back to their spawning grounds.RUSH: Good point. They're gonna be eaten. They're gonna be dead before they have a chance to pass off the information to their children. That's a sad but good point. Are we screwing up the salmon breeding grounds and ecosystem for everybody doing this? There's gonna be some entrepreneurs, salmon moving companies. It might be something a lot of people would think about getting into now, 'cause once you do it once, how can you stop?BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: I'll tell you what's gonna happen with the salmon. They're gonna be breaking into trucks to spawn. They learn, they learn, and they're gonna see trucks, and they're gonna start to break into 'em. This is gonna be interesting to watch.