Rush Limbaugh
"For the second week in a row Rush Revere and the First Patriots is at number one on the New York Times best-seller list in the children's book category, and Rush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims is at number four.""Did any of the Republican leadership respond to Obama's despicable lies about Obamacare yesterday? There wasn't? There wasn't any Republican response to that? You gotta be kidding me.""Here you've got Obamacare, which is mandatory under penalty of law, and they're all out there celebrating that 7.1 million people have signed up. Mandatory, it ought to be 200 million sign-ups. It's mandatory.""CNN never got a ratings bump out of this Malaysian jet. The story that CNN's ratings were skyrocking was absolute BS. They're still in the tank. They never moved out of the gutter.""Since Obama's golden, I wanna see all these Democrats requesting Obama to appear with them as they campaign for reelection this fall. I'm sure that's gonna happen 'cause Obamacare now needs to be hung around every Democrat's neck like a flaming... Never mind.""Those of you who get your health insurance from your employer, your turn's coming. That's why I keep saying that most Americans don't yet have the slightest idea what's gonna happen to them.""The Supreme Court has just said again, in a new ruling, that free speech trumps campaign finance limits. This is gonna ruin the liberals day.""Next time you're with a liberal anywhere, just out of the blue say, 'Corporations are people!' Blurt it out. Don't lead up to it. Don't lead into it. Just blurt it out. 'Hey, Fred!' 'Yeah?' 'Corporations are people!' Watch what happens. Cover your face, or other body parts you fear being damaged, and hang around and watch.""The thinking always has been that the more money you have in politics, the more corruption. Of course the correct view is that money is speech. It takes money to buy ads, money to express your opinion. No matter who's spending it, it takes money for that to happen, and money equals speech. That is the enlightened view, but the left hates that.""Every single Drive-By reporter called Obama's Rose Garden address on Obamacare 'a victory lap.' So it didn't matter where you watched the news yesterday, that's what you got.""You know what we do here? We tell you what was true and false in the previous day's news. So much is not true. So many things that are reported end up not being true.""The modern reality is that if you're an American, the government owes you, and the objective is to get your benefits.""It may sound controversial to say it. It was the truth. Welfare used to be a bare subsistence. It was not intended for you to be able to live on. The left realized that wouldn't work. They had to make it something you could live on so that you wouldn't want to give it up.""I couldn't be given a better opportunity to explain why I'm doing these children's books than that dangerously stupid sound bite from Nancy Pelosi."