Rush Limbaugh
RUSH: I'm gonna get to all this FBI stuff. I'll tell you, this is fascinating to me, what the FBI is doing, and they've been doing this for a while. These investigations that they've been engaged in have been going on for years. If I didn't know better -- and I don't know better, I'd have no idea, but it just seems like, I mean, the number of years this has been going on, it's almost as though somebody -- and the FBI's part of the Regime. Obama runs the FBI. They're part of the executive branch. But, man, they're going after Democrats and they're nailing them. It's like they've been doing this for years under the cover of darkness and everything else in a way that is perhaps saving the country.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: "In all, 26 people, including former school board president Keith Jackson, were indicted on charges related to an extensive crime ring headed by well-known Chinatown figure Raymond Chow." (interruption) Yeah, he's also known as the Shrimp Boy. Raymond Chow, the Shrimp Boy. He was also arrested and charged. Now, Raymond Chow, the Shrimp Boy, is head of the Wo Hop To gang. It's a well-known criminal gang, California, Shrimp Boy, Raymond Chow heads it up."The indictment alleges Yee and Jackson defrauded 'citizens of honest services' and were involved in a scheme to traffic firearms in exchange for thousands in campaign donations to the senator," Senator Yee. "Federal prosecutors also allege Yee agreed to perform official acts in exchange for the money, including one instance in which he introduced a businessman to state legislators who had significant influence over pending medical marijuana legislation. In exchange, the businessman -- who was actually an undercover FBI agent -- agreed to donate thousands to Yee's campaign fund, according to the indictment. The indictment also describes an August 2013 exchange in which Jackson told an undercover officer that Yee had an arms trafficking contact. Jackson allegedly said Yee could facilitate a meeting for a donation."Now, Raymond Chow, also known as the Shrimp Boy, who has been connected over the years to the criminal gang Wo Hop To, "was indicted for money laundering, conspiracy to receive and transport stolen property, and conspiracy to traffic contraband cigarettes."These guys were into all of it. Democrats. Democrats looking out for the little guy. Democrats trafficking in military grade weapons for campaign contributions. Trafficking in black market cigarettes, trafficking in the evil weed. Well, not so evil in California. And all the while Senator Leland Yee is demanding that there be a boycott against me for attempting to translate the ChiCom premier at a press conference with Obama, and he's, again, as I said it, stated he's just virulently anti the Second Amendment.I mean, if he could, he'd get everybody to have to give up their guns. And, yeah, it's hypocrisy, but it's worse than that, folks. This trafficking in military grade weapons and black market cigarettes with a well-known gang, the Wo Hop To gang with Shrimp Boy, Raymond Chow, all for campaign contributions.After facilitating meetings between other gang members he knows and with other elected officials, "The indictment was unsealed in federal court in downtown San Francisco after FBI and other law enforcement officials carried out multiple raids early Wednesday. FBI agents also searched Yee's Sacramento office Wednesday. San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr described the raids to KCBS as 'massive.'"'Hundreds of officers are involved in this,' he said. Dan Lieberman, Yee's press secretary, said Wednesday morning that his office would not comment on the FBI raids. Representatives for the U.S. attorney's office could not immediately be reached for comment." Let's go to the audio sound bites and to my adopted hometown in Sacramento where all of this that you hear today literally actually began back in October of 1984. This is KTXL-TV Fox 40 Eyeball News. We have a portion here of the correspondent Sonseeahray Tonsall reporting about the arrest of California State Senator Leland Yee on corruption charges.TONSALL: Allegations that since March of 2011, Yee has been running with the Chinese organized crime group, the Ghee Kung Tong [sic] and it's leader known as Shrimp Boy. Taking cash to pay down $70,000 worth of old campaign debt for a failed run for Mayor in San Francisco. Another alleged transaction mentions promise of contracts for a client of an undercover FBI agent. Yee, now the third Democrat indicted in the last few months for public corruption and misuse of office, making it tough on his party's agenda.RUSH: It's not gonna be tough on his party. It isn't gonna matter. They're Democrats out there. He's gonna end up not having anything happen to him. His buddies are the judges. His buddies are gonna be on any jury if there is one. Besides, the Republicans don't even have a presence in California. I mean, it'll be embarrassing for Democrat state senator Leland Yee, but these guys don't get -- hell, this guy was doing great work. He's trying to legalize marijuana. He's trying to get guns out to everybody. Okay, so he's trying to earn a little money to do his good works by trafficking AKs, big whoop. Easy to look the other way. Now, the next bite, it's even worse for Democrat Senator Leland Yee. The next report from the correspondent Sonseeahray Tonsall mentions me.RUSH ARCHIVE: They sit up there all majestically in their royalty and they try to eliminate their opposition, all the while their hands are in the till and they're engaging in corruption I couldn't even dream of.RUSH: And of course that makes me the bad guy, saying that. See, poor Leland, poor Senator Yee. First he gets indicted. Aw. Such a nice guy. And then it got even worse. Can you imagine, here he is indicted on weapons trafficking charges and illegal campaign contributions and running bogus cigarettes and hanging around with the gang and Shrimp Boy, and even worse than that is having me talk about him on the radio. I am living rent free in their heads. Can you believe that? Even worse than being indicted is the fact that I was on the attack.I wasn't on the attack. I never go on the attack. I get up here and I look at things being attacked that I believe in, people being attacked that I believe in, and I defend 'em. I defend the institutions, the ideas, and the people that I believe in.Anyway, this is the tip of the iceberg. Big city mayors are going down. Democrat mayors being investigated left and right by the FBI. Do you know, folks, to show you how bad, the FBI has also -- we're gonna get to details of that in a second here -- the FBI has dumped the Southern Poverty Law Center as a hate crimes resource? Now, the Southern Poverty Law Center is run by this genuine loco weed by the name of Mark Potok.This guy exists for one reason, and that is to make false allegations about racism and sexism and bigotry and homophobia and hate crimes against standard, ordinary, run-of-the-mill conservatives whenever they open their mouths. And he's accredited, the Drive-Bys, whenever Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center says anything, he's gospel. And the FBI has dropped Potok and the Southern Poverty Law Center as a hate crimes resource. This is a big thing, too.Hate crimes are nothing to sneeze at. If you are accused of one, a hate crime is when you have some sort of emotion attached to whatever other crime that you did. Like if you squash an ant, if you were mad when you did it, they accuse you of a hate crime and double your punishment. It's a judgmental thing, and that's the kind of thing that the Southern Poverty Law Center did, was run around and attach hate to standard, ordinary, everyday conservatism. The FBI tracked down whoever the Southern Poverty Law Center targeted, and to have these guys thrown overboard as sources on this stuff is huge. I think this FBI activity against these Democrat mayors is in and of itself huge. Of course it's not being talked about much in the Drive-By Media, but it's profoundly damaging and very embarrassing.By the way, I just found something here, placed in front of me from the actual indictment of Democrat State Senator Leland Yee. Quote: "Senator Yee said, 'Do I think we can make some money? I think we can make some money. Do I think we can get the good? Yes, I think we can get the goods.'" According to Senator Yee, the arms dealer source, the weapons from Russia. So the weapons that Senator Yee was trafficking in came from Putin. Well, they came from Russia.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Let me read you just a couple of more things from the indictment of California state senator Leland Yee. (interruption) No, I'm not picking on him. How in the world am I on picking on Senator Yee? He's been indicted. See, that's the way people think. In fact, can I offer some other observations? How about this? Isn't this the kind of thing Democrats accuse the Tea Party of doing and being?This is the kind of person the Democrats say are members of the Tea Party. "Yeah, they're nuts pro-lifers running around. They can't wait to fire off their guns! They're trafficking in these big military weapons. They all think they're GI Joe," and look who it ends up being. These wackos that start pulling the trigger and mowing people down and trafficking guns, all end up being Democrats.Now, from the indictment: "Yee asked (the agent) to provide an inventory list of desired weapons and he would see what they can do," and the agent "told Yee he would deliver $2 million in cash." So Leland Yee had $2 million. He was gonna go get $2 million worth of guns. The agent asked about "shoulder-fired, automatic weapons." Senator Leland Yee (Democrat-California), responded by saying, "The automatic weapons are the equivalent of the M16, automatic service weapon."Automatic.Not semiautomatic.Democrat California Senator Leland Yee -- that's Y-e-e -- was trafficking in M16s. The agent then asked "about the availability of shoulder-fired missiles or rockets." Senator Yee responded, "I told him about the rockets and things like that." This is an undercover agent. So Senator Yee is making it sound like he's got these M16s and shoulder-fired rockets. Senator Yee said, "Do I think we can make some money?"Yep, I think we can make some money. Do I think we can get the goods? Yep, I think we can get the goods." "According to Senator Yee, the arms dealer sourced the weapons from Russia." It was M16s, and it was $2 million in cash. These quotes from the indictment, they're just from the gunrunning section. There's a whole bunch of different other sections on the bogus cigarettes, the gang activity.There were any number of other illegal activities going on. It really is a devastating indictment. Of course, to people like Senator Leland Yee, I'm the bad guy -- and all conservatives, Tea Party, we're the bad guys. Look at this: Running guns, M16s, campaign contributions. He's a senator, and he's running for secretary of state!Warminster, Pennsylvania. This is Chris, and I'm glad you called, sir. It's great to have you on the program. Hello.CALLER: Hi, Rush. Great program. Love your show.RUSH: Thank you very much, sir.RUSH: Well, in this case, I see what your point is. But I don't think that the anti-gun attitude or mentality of the Democrats is phony. In fact, I think they think it's the biggest mistake in the Constitution. The whole thing is a mistake, Amendment No. 2. That and the free speech clause of No. 1, those are the ones that have to go. You disarm the citizens and you don't have to fear them at all.You don't have to worry about anything. They're dead serious about it. No, in this case, I think there's just a guy trying to get rich. He's peddling his influence, pretending to be a big-time power broker. You'd be amazed, folks, at the number of people in certain elements of the American pop culture who look at gangs and gang membership enviously.You'd be amazed at the number of people that want to be in gangs 'cause it's cool, and it's powerful, and it's exciting. I think, you know, what does Senator Leland Yee (Democrat-California) earn? Probably not much. Here's a chance to make a big score. I don't think he's thinking beyond that about limiting demand and raising prices. But I'll tell you, this indictment that includes him is 137 pages.That's a lot of criminal allegations. Now, sometimes they overcharge. They throw a bunch of stuff in there in an effort to get a plea so as not to go to court. And, of course, yeah. You know, of course we need campaign finance reform. See, if we didn't have the Second Amendment today, poor Senator Yee wouldn't have even been in trouble. If we'd have gotten rid of guns long ago, he wouldn't have any to traffic or sell.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Folks, I've got even more from the indictment of San Francisco Democrat state senator Leland Yee. Get this. This is from "Twenty-five others, including San Francisco's former school board president, Keith Jackson, were also charged." So $2 million gunrunning M16s, and $2.5 million in bullets -- "munitions" -- from a Muslim separatist group in the Philippines! This guy's out ripping on the Tea Party every day! (interruption) "They're not separatist groups," exactly right. Separate from what? Maybe the Philippine government. They're terrorist groups! What are you talking about? Al-Qaeda is a terrorist group.Muslim separatists?Al-Qaeda's got a big presence over there. BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: You might be getting tired of hearing about San Francisco Democrat state senator Leland Yee, but I just keeping learning things. I mean the information is free flowing, and our tentacles to absorb it are everywhere, and there's now a huge story in the Wall Street Journal. This story contains reaction from San Francisco Democrat Leland Yee's colleagues. (interruption)Well, I don't know that they threw him under the bus. We don't know who threw him under the bus. Remember, he got caught in a sting here by undercover FBI agents. "Had the senator," San Francisco Democrat Leland Yee, "been elected secretary of state, which was not a long shot," it says here, "he would have overseen [California]'s campaign-finance apparatus."Look at what he's doing here. "The indictment is a major embarrassment for the state's Fair Political Practices Commission..." Really? It's "a major embarrassment for California's Fair Political Practices Commission, which has been targeting dark money from undisclosed conservative donors, but somehow" the California Fair Political Practices Commission "missed" San Francisco Democrat Leland "Yee's shady operation."I wonder how that happened. The oversight committee just happened to miss $2 million of gunrunning, $2.5 million of munitions running, and trading in illegal campaign contributions. They just "missed" it. "Democratic senators expressed shock at the charges. 'He's been a leader on human services, foster care and juvenile justice issues,' said Jim Beall of San Jose, describing [San Francisco Democrat Leland Yee] next door."'For me, to see this happen to someone with that record, I just can't understand it.' But voters..." This is the Journal, now. "But voters may be starting to conclude that [San Francisco Democrat Leland] Yee's transactional brand of politics is business as usual in Sacramento." Hey, it's all Democrats! There's nothing stopping them other than the FBI. But this is the real reason I wanted to share this story with you, the next short paragraph.Remember, San Francisco Democrat Leland Yee was in the senate, the state senate, and he was running for secretary of state. "State Senate President Darrell Steinberg ... is also frustrated because he's lost another member of his caucus and a working supermajority, which is necessary to pass tax hikes and place constitutional amendments on the ballot."Aw, let's all have a good cry!So Leland Yee may be sent up the river for who knows how many years and this guy's all worried 'cause he's lost his super-majority. This guy's all worried 'cause he can't raise your taxes in California. That's what bums him about it. According to the Wall Street Journal, "State Senate President Darrell Steinberg ... is also frustrated because he's lost another member of his caucus and a working supermajority, which" he needs to raise taxes.If I am San Francisco Democrat Leland Yee, and I read that, I ask, "Is that all I'm good enough for you for, is raising taxes?"In my time of need, that's all you're concerned about, Bud?"Probably so.