Rush Limbaugh
"There's no diversity tolerated on the left. You've gotta be one way. There is no openness. There is no kindness, there is no compassion, there's no inclusiveness, and there certainly isn't any diversity on the left. It's just a bunch of brownshirts.""We just released today 21 new wallpapers for your iPhone 5. If you want to you can try it on an iPad and blow it up, but some are really cool. So there are 21 of them, and they're el freebo.""The fear and intimidation of average, ordinary Americans is at an all-time high -- fear and intimidation that is silencing people.""In 2008 President Obama and his entire Regime officially were opposed to gay marriage, until they came up on some tough times campaign donation-wise. They needed some campaign money, so Obama sent Biden out to all of a sudden announce the Regime had changed its mind on gay marriage.""I think there's always gonna be an America. Even if the left wins everything, there's always gonna be an America. It just may not be the America that was founded. It may someday look nothing like the America that was founded.""Brendan Eich is gone from Mozilla for having the identical position that President Barack Obama held at the exact same time, in 2008. Brendan Eich, by the way, did not become an activist on gay marriage, or anti-gay marriage. He just gave 'em some money.""'Muslim Leaders Stand Against Gay Marriage.' I wonder what would happen if Mozilla found a Muslim CEO. They're inclusive and they're open, right? So what about that, a Muslim CEO at Mozilla?""The fear and intimidation of average, ordinary Americans is at an all-time high -- fear and intimidation that is silencing people.""Nobody is ever identified by who they really are on the left. They don't take the time to get beneath the surface on anybody. There's an African-American? 'A black person! That equals slavery.' A woman? 'Ah, there's a woman. She's been mistreated. She's probably been denied abortions.'""I wonder what would happen if Mozilla named a Muslim as its next CEO. Muslims are opposed to gay marriage. In fact, here it is: "Muslim Leaders Stand Against Gay Marriage." I wonder what would happen if they found a Muslim. They're inclusive and they're open. A Muslim CEO at Mozilla. What about that?""Notice that liberals always make these predictions to come true in a hundred years when none of us are gonna be alive. If anybody needs to be put in jail, it's them for misleading people, if that's the route we're gonna go."