Rush Limbaugh
RUSH: A couple of health care news items here before we head back to the phones. First up, the RAND Corporation did a survey on this whole health care business. And the upshot of it is, only one-third of Obamacare exchange sign-ups were from the previously uninsured. "The RAND study hasnt yet been published, but its contents were made available to Noam Levey of the Los Angeles Times. RAND also estimates that 9 million individuals have purchased health plans directly from insurers, outside of the exchanges, but that 'the vast majority of these people were previously insured.'" So Obama's sitting there, "Oh, yeah, we're the only country that --" We're not doing anything that this law set out to do. It's a mishmash.Preexisting condition insurance is not possible. It's not insurance. It's something else. And if you call it something else, you might change the percentages of people that support it. And that's why they call it insurance. "Well, I think everybody ought to have insurance. I don't think insurance ought to be denied to anybody when it comes to health care." Of course, everybody thinks that. But then what if you're talking about offering people something that isn't insurance but is, in strict definitional terms, welfare? Well, then what kind of support does it get?See, that's the kind of stuff that matters to me. It makes me, you know, a stick in the mud. Let's say you decide for some reason you have enough money, you don't have to get a mortgage. So you don't have to have homeowners insurance. So you don't. You plop down whatever your house costs, and then one day you drive home and you see smoke coming from your neighborhood, and you get closer and closer and you see it's your house on fire. "Oh, my God, oh, no." Then you realize, you know what, I don't have any insurance.So you call the insurance company and say, "Hey, my house is on fire. About 20%'s destroyed. I want homeowners insurance." And they would tell you to go pound sand. You gotta buy the insurance before the fire. Now, if you want the insurance company to pay you or to pay for the repairs that the fire caused, you're not buying insurance at that point; you're buying repairs."Well, I want it now.""We don't sell that. That's not insurance."But we are a compassionate country, so we're calling that preexisting condition insurance, but there really is no such thing. It isn't insurance. It's something else. And if you termed it something else, would it have the universal support that it's gotten? Side point.The second thing that the Republicans said they would never tamper with, the American people want it, is your children being covered by your policy until they are 26. That's not gonna change no matter if we got our arms around Obamacare, we're able to get rid of the whole thing, we're not getting rid of that. Well, the National Center for Public Policy Research has done some research. I mean, that's what they do. And they have found that the number of young people who can now stay on their parents' insurance plan until 26 -- the slacker mandate we call this. Spoiled kids who don't want to pay their own way until they're 27 stay on their parents' insurance. Well, 3.1 million young adults have not received this coverage via their parents' insurance.And the Health and Human Services has not updated their figures in nearly two years, and the reason is the program is losing its effectiveness and the numbers are declining. There aren't that many kids staying on their parents' policies. It's something that's not being utilized. There's no way of determining it. There just isn't enough statistical analysis and data for people to figure out how widespread the benefit is, and the best that they've been able to come up with here is, despite what Obama and the LA Times and the media is saying, there are 3.1 million young adults who have not received coverage via their parents' insurance. It's another lie about Obamacare. The point of this little research project is to say that this magic of all these kids being covered, they're not, is the bottom line. It's a feel-good talking point. (impersonating Obama) "And you parents, your kids are gonna be able to stay covered on your policy 'til they're 26." But it's not happening, as best anybody can tell.