Rush Limbaugh


Well, now he's denied ever saying that. Honestly. He's denied ever saying it. He's taking a page right out of Bill Clinton's book. "I never had sex with that woman, Ms. Lewinsky. Not a single time, not ever. I just want you to leave me alone so I can get back to work for the American people." "Right on! Right on!"We later learn that all of it was BS. "One month to the day after Harry Reid caused a public stir by declaring that all stories about Obamacare hurting Americans were 'lies,' he now denies ever having said it." Here is verbatim what Dingy Harry said last month: "We heard about the evils of Obamacare, about the lives it's ruining in Republicans' stump speeches and in ads paid for by oil magnates, the Koch brothers."But in those tales, turned out to be just that: Tales, stories made up from whole cloth, lies distorted by the Republicans to grab headlines or make political advertisements." So on Wednesday, a couple days ago, the Senate majority leader asked Americans to suspend their belief. "Mr. President, the junior senator from Wyoming has come to the floor several times recently talking about the fact that examples that he and other Republicans have given, dealing with Obamacare, examples that they think are bad, I've called lies."Mr. President, that is simply untrue. I have never come to the floor, to my recollection, and I never said a word about any of the examples that Republicans have given regarding Obamacare and how it's not very good." Here, again, is what he said last month: "We heard about the evils of Obamacare, about the lives it's ruining in Republicans' stump speeches and in ads paid for by oil magnates, the Koch brothers."But in those tales, turned out to be just that: Tales, stories made up from whole cloth, lies distorted by the Republicans to grab headlines or make political advertisements." Here's Harry Reid on Wednesday: "Mr. President... I have never come to the floor ... and I never said a word about any of the examples that Republicans have given regarding Obamacare and how it's not very good."I never said that. I never called them lies.Now, what is this? Is this senility, or is it just brazenness. Is...? (interruption) Well, it's not desperation. I don't think so. Now, maybe I'm wrong. I don't think these people, Democrats, ever get really desperate because they know they've got a backstop: The media. I think it's one of the reasons. Harry Reid can go out there and lie all he wants as many times as he wants and the media is never gonna call him on it.If they do call him on it, it's gonna be in a small, inconsequential way that is even made to look bad on the Republicans for being nitpickers. He knows he's not gonna be held to account for this by the vast, mainstream media. I think it gives these guys huge gonads to just to run out there and tell whatever lie they want, knowing they're never gonna be called on it. 
