Rush Limbaugh
RUSH: You may not think that it's as bad for Obama out there as I'm making it out to be. Well, Tuesday morning at The Hague, in the Netherlands, Obama held a joint press conference with the Netherlands prime minister Mark Rutte.
At the very end of the presser, Obama ends it by saying this. Now, you'll hear the emcee, but the point is one person... We did not doctor this. This is the point I have to tell you: We did not touch this. OBAMA: I'm also confident that the core values that America has always believed in -- in terms of privacy, rule of law, individual rights -- that has guided, uh, the United States for many years and will continue to guide us into the future. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you again.MAN: Clap. Clap. Clap.EMCEE: Okay, ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. Thank you very much for coming.Renzi: That's it. One person applauded. See, I didn't tell you what to look for. I just told you we didn't doctor it. One person. Remember when Obama went to Berlin in 2008, the god effect and the big sound system? "Citizens of Berlin, I'm here to save the world!" What did they have, 500,000 people show up? It was a beer garden night, and 500,000 people showed up. Now compare.He's over there trying to BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Here's Patty, Longmont, Colorado, I'm glad you called. Great to have you on the program.CALLER: Hi, Rush. Yeah, just to change the subject a little bit, I was wondering what you think about what's going on with RUSH: No, no, no. You mean when he told Dmitry Medvedev, "Hey, tell Vlad to hang in there. I have more flexibility after I win"?CALLER: Hm-hm.RUSH: That was getting rid of nuclear weapons. I think he went to the Hague to see that babe that runs the Netherlands he took the selfie with.CALLER: Oh, okay.RUSH: She was from Denmark. Okay. Well, it's close enough, though.CALLER: Nothing to do with annexing Crimea and building up troops in the Ukraine?RUSH: It could well. Look, it's a good point. You're the first to make that connection, and you may have a point, I have to admit that. I'm glad you changed the subject. It's a good point.