Rush Limbaugh
RUSH: Back to the phones we go to Kathleen, Farmington, New Mexico. Great to have you on the EIB Network. Hello.CALLER: Thank you very much, Mr. Limbaugh. I appreciate you taking my call.RUSH: You bet.CALLER: I actually was calling in to say I very much have enjoyed both of your books, RUSH: God bless you. Thank you so much.CALLER: I am a first grade teacher, and I am in the process right now of reading the first one to my class.RUSH: Are you really?CALLER: Yes. Every day they ask if they can see what Liberty is up to today.RUSH: (laughing).CALLER: It's really great. I can't get through more than a few pages a day because they are first graders, they have about the attention span of a gnat. I have had to do a lot of explanation. I have made sure to point out that the historical figures are real people and the basis for the starting of our country --CALLER: Well, I absolutely appreciate it. I was just telling the gentleman who answered the phone that I just finished reading the second book, and thought it very clever how you integrated the Obama administration into this version of the book.RUSH: Shh. Because the Obama administration is not mentioned in the book, is it?CALLER: Well, not specifically.RUSH: Not specifically, not even close. Shh!CALLER: Ohhh.RUSH: See, yes.CALLER: Oh, but I quote: "The colonists have no idea what is best for them."RUSH: Hang on now, look, Kathleen, don't hang up, don't go away.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Okay. Back to Kathleen in Farmington, New Mexico. Now, what you were sharing with the audience there.CALLER: Yes.RUSH: The colonists had no idea what's good for them. You are reading from one of the most -- to me, one of the most challenging to write for 10- to 13-year-olds and one of the most fun challenges. Rush Revere gets in to see King George III and ask him why he's doing what he's doing for the colonists. That's what you're referring to, right?CALLER: Yes.RUSH: I make it plain that you won't find in these books anywhere "liberal," "conservative." You won't find the terms.CALLER: No.RUSH: You won't find "Republican" or "Democrat." You won't find anything that's overtly political, but, clearly, as you have spotted, there are lessons to be taught here.CALLER: Oh, yes.RUSH: Real life, without labels.CALLER: Hm-hm. Yeah. When I was reading that I told my husband this just sounded exactly like what Obama's doing to us. "I want them totally dependent on me for everything."RUSH: Right. They don't know what's good for them. They're just a bunch of serf sloths.CALLER: "I know better what they need than they do." And that brings me to Obamacare. It scares the heck out of me because I am permanently disabled, and yet I still work full time because I can't qualify for disability.RUSH: Wait a minute, now. You're permanently disabled but you don't qualify? Alcoholics qualify for disability.CALLER: Oh, I understand that. I am the carrier of my insurance for my family, and if I don't work, I don't have insurance.RUSH: Oh.CALLER: I have two pulmonary diseases, and you have to be out of work for X-number of months before you can qualify for disability. I am on two medications that together would run about roughly $8,000 a month if I didn't have insurance. And that's only two of about the 10 that I'm on.CALLER: Well, you know, being a public school employee at this point in time we have not gotten any word that it's going to be, but I have no doubt it's just a matter of time.RUSH: Well, are you a member of the teachers union, the NEA?CALLER: No, I am not.RUSH: Oh. You would have been gold if you were NEA.CALLER: Yeah.RUSH: And you still may be, you still may be. But, look, are your students, do they know about the CALLER: No. I have not brought that up to them yet, but I do plan on doing that.RUSH: Yeah, you've got until May the 12th for that, so there's no rush, quote, unquote.CALLER: The teacher in me also wants to let you know that your editors missed a typo in the book.RUSH: That wasn't us. That was the publisher.CALLER: Okay, your publisher missed a typo in the book.RUSH: Where, which book?CALLER: In the new one, First Patriots on page 197.RUSH: Okay. Don't tell me what it is. I'll go find page 197 after the show and I'll look at it.CALLER: Yeah.RUSH: And somebody's gonna pay.CALLER: It's very subtle. My husband read it a couple of times and he didn't notice it, either.RUSH: Well, you might just be nitpicking.CALLER: Well, no. (laughing) I had to read it several times, too, and I realized that, no, that was a typo.RUSH: Is it a typo or is it a grammatical?CALLER: It's a grammatical error between the word "it" and "if."RUSH: Between what?CALLER: Between "it" i-t, pronoun, inanimate object, and "if", i-f.