Rush Limbaugh
RUSH: Jerry in Phillipsburg, Kansas. Hi, Jerry. I appreciate your call.CALLER: Hi. Thanks, Rush. Eighteen-wheeler dittos to you.RUSH: Eighteen-wheeler dittos. Thank you very much.CALLER: All right. I got a question. What do you think Obama means when he talks about "income inequality"?RUSH: Well, he's not talking about income equality 'cause even he knows that's not possible. So what do you think he's actually talking about?RUSH: No, but he wants his voters and low-information people to think that he wants to achieve that. This is just another communications technique in the class warfare game that the Democrats play. To complain about "income inequality" is to complain that the rich have too much money. "It isn't fair. It isn't fair that so many people have so much more than other people, and it would be fairer if the rich didn't have as much."Every poor person believes that, and there are many more poor people and middle-class people than there are rich people. Rich people oftentimes will not even dare to defend themselves; they'll just stay quiet. So Obama's got smooth sailing. He can go out and attack the rich. He can accuse them, he can imply that they're thieves, that they are cheats.You've heard the old saw, that behind every great fortune is a great crime. Obama and the Democrats try to make as many people believe that theory as possible, try to make people believe that whoever has a lot of money didn't come by it honestly, really. "They screwed somebody or they inherited it or cheated or they benefited from luck or something. They didn't work hard for it, and this is not fair!"So all income inequality is, is Obama pandering to people in the middle class and making them believe that Obama relates to them, sides with them, understands, and is going to go take money from the rich and spread it around to people that don't have it. The idea that everybody's gonna end up with the same income? Not even Obama would dare try to state that as an objective. The magic word in that whole phrase is "equality."BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Let me, as usual, as a student of words, cut to the chase on income inequality. If you want to know what it really is, it's nothing more than this. Income inequality is income redistribution from those who work for a living to those who vote for a living. That's all. If you work for a living, Obama's gonna take your money. He's gonna give it to people who vote for a living. Plain and simple. Class warfare exploited to the max.But it's a flat-out straight appeal to low-information people. And I'll tell you, it's infuriating to me 'cause we have a political party that's attempting to expand the number of low-information people and have that cohort be the dominate voting cohort in this country so that everything that happens in this country is a result of the preferences of the low-information crowd.We have a political party that is seeking the lowest common denominator they can find to find supposed common ground. The bottom line is the Democrats have no more in common with poor people than the Koch brothers. The Koch brothers probably have much more in common with poor people than Obama does. For a host of reasons.