Rush Limbaugh
RUSH: Bob in Hoover, Alabama. Bob, I'm glad you waited. Great to have you on the program. Hello, sir.CALLER: Hello, Rush. Thank you for taking my call.RUSH: Any time. You bet.CALLER: I want to talk about your books. I have a 7-year-old grandson who is on the autistic spectrum, and when I got the first book I started reading it to him, and I find out that he's reading ahead of me. (chuckles) He falls in love with the book, and he can't wait 'til the second book comes out. You always say that the book is for 10 to 13; he's 7 years old and loves the book.RUSH: Wow.CALLER: I asked him the other day, "Who's your favorite character?" Of course he said Liberty.CALLER: Then I said, "Well, if it's not Liberty, then who else?" He said, "Well, Elizabeth." And I said, "Elizabeth?" He said, "Yeah, she's such a pain in the neck." (chuckles)RUSH: Now, spoiler alert, spoiler alert!CALLER: (laughingRUSH: Don't go too far here!CALLER: (laughing) Oh, I'm sorry.RUSH: Elizabeth is a character in both books, but in the second book she... It was fun writing Elizabeth. I just have to tell you, it was so much fun writing Elizabeth.CALLER: Well --RUSH: I'm glad that he's enjoying it. He's 7 years old, and he's autistic, and he was ahead of you reading these books?CALLER: Yeah. He would read ahead of me. Right now he's reading the first book to his mother.RUSH: Man! That's great.CALLER: He understands every single thing. Of course, his memory is fantastic. He retains everything.RUSH: Right.CALLER: So I gave him the quiz from the first book and he got 80% of that correct. (chuckes) I just want to thank you, Rush. I mean, to have him sit next to me for a half hour, 40 minutes, and read the book and one chapter after another, it just warms our hearts.RUSH: That means a lot.CALLER: I just can't tell you how important it is to our family.RUSH: Well, I appreciate that. It's gotta be great to have him focused for that long a period of time.CALLER: Oh, it's unbelievable. I mean, I just think that, if there's anybody out there with children the same situation, they need to get that book for 'em and read it to 'em. Like I say, we were on vacation last week, and every day it was, "Grandpa, let's read Rush Revere." "Okay." He got at least two chapters ahead of me on the second book and was talking about... I'm not gonna spoil it, but he talked about the classroom thing and how cool that was.RUSH: That is just incredible. I got goose bumps here from this.CALLER: Well, me, too.RUSH: I know people who have autistic kids, and it's depending on --CALLER: He's high on the spectrum, but he's still on the spectrum.RUSH: But, nevertheless, if I'm hearing you right -- and correct me if I'm wrong about this -- the fact that you get whatever you get, 30 to 40 minutes at a time --CALLER: Yes.RUSH: -- focused on one thing, that's not common, right?CALLER: No.RUSH: Yeah, that's what you like. That's great.CALLER: Yeah. And he just loves the books. And, of course, the big question amongst all the kids, Rush, autistic or not, is, "When is the video coming out?"RUSH: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I know.CALLER: That was probably the big question I asked him.RUSH: There aren't enough --CALLER: I said, "If you had a question for Rush Revere, what would be the question?" And he said, "When's the video coming out?" (chuckling)RUSH: Yeah. What they mean by that is: When is the movie coming out?CALLER: Yeah. "When is the movie?" They want to see it. They want to see the situation with the portal. They want to see that.RUSH: Oh, the time travel? Absolutely.CALLER: Yeah, time travel. They really want to see that, and it's just delightful to have a book that the content should be read by adults (chuckles) not just kids.RUSH: (laughing) That's the added bonus, is the content happens to be the truth about American history.CALLER: Yeah, the content should be read by high school students, too. It should be reading for every high school and college student.RUSH: Bob, you've made our day here and I'm gonna... Do you have the audio versions or not?CALLER: We do not, Rush. We have the two hardcover books. We do not have the audio.RUSH: That's okay. I want to send them to you. That'll be the next project, because that changes it when you listen to me read the things. That's yet another way. So hang on. Don't go away.