Like many states, Arizona faces a serious budget crisis. But unlike other states, Arizona public officials have shown a remarkable skill for finding ways to address their projected $1.6 billion deficit that are unfair, unjust and cruel. Their latest bright idea is to balance the state budget on the bodies of poor Arizonans who are unlucky enough to be fat or addicted to tobacco.
Don't miss these Health stories
 EXCLUSIVE: Marcheline Bertrand, French actress and mother of Angelina Jolie, has died of cancer
Splash News
More women opting for preventive mastectomy - but should they be?
Rates of women who are opting for preventive mastectomies, such as Angeline Jolie, have increased by an estimated 50 percent in recent years, experts say. But many doctors are puzzled because the operation doesn't carry a 100 percent guarantee, it's major surgery -- and women have other options, from a once-a-day pill to careful monitoring.
Larry Page's damaged vocal cords: Treatment comes with trade-offs
Report questioning salt guidelines riles heart experts
CDC: 2012 was deadliest year for West Nile in US
What stresses moms most? Themselves, survey says
Gov. Jan Brewer has now proposed levying a $50 fee on state Medicaid recipients who are obese and who don't follow a doctor-supervised slimming regimen. She also wants to charge those who smoke.
The plan, if approved by the Republican-dominated legislature, would mark the first time a state-run but federally subsidized health-care program for the poor has charged people for unhealthy acts.
The Wall Street Journal quoted Monica Coury, spokeswoman for Arizona's Medicaid program as endorsing the idea, saying "If you want to smoke, go for it. But, understand you're going to have to contribute something for the cost of the care of your smoking."
She added that the proposal is a way to reward good behavior and raise awareness that certain conditions, including obesity, raise costs throughout the state Medicaid system.
This noodle-headed idea comes from the same governor and legislature that last year decided the way to balance the budget was to rescind coverage for Arizonans waiting for organ transplants. Not new cases, mind you, but people to whom coverage had been promised. Now in its wake comes a "sin tax" for the smoking, trouser-splitting poor.
Story: Arizona considering $50 tax for smokers, obese
Put aside the issue of whether smokers actually save the state money by dying young. Ignore the question of why it is fine to sin if you are rich but if you are dirt poor, then you will be taxed for gobbling too many calories or sneaking smokes. And pay no mind to the fact that the people who are facing this tax are only those who earn less then $15,000 per year for a two-person family.
The legislature has zero credibility when it comes to battling obesity. Just two weeks ago, Arizona's House gave preliminary approval to a law making it illegal for any local government to restrict toy giveaways to promote fast-food products such as McDonald's Happy Meals. What triggered this vital legislation? Efforts in California by Santa Clara County and by San Francisco to battle childhood obesity by making fattening junk food less attractive to kids by ending the free toy-crummy high-calorie food association.
Low-income people eat the most junk food. And the legislature and the Governor in Arizona could not care less. Keep the high-calorie meals coming. There are taxes to be collected.
Look, I want people to be thinner. I am no fan of smoking. But levying a sin tax on the poorest of the poor for behavior that the state does nothing to discourage is both hypocritical and lousy public policy.
If sin taxes are the way to go in balancing the budget, then everyone should be subject to the fines.
With more than 25 percent of Arizonans obese and 16 percent who smoke, there will be plenty of money available. And just to be fair, the governor can add the same tax to water-skiing, jet skiing, horseback riding, mountain biking, owning a swimming pool, paragliding, rock climbing, failing to wear a helmet while riding a motorcycle (Arizona has a very weak law) or choosing to work in roofing, mining or construction — or any other activity that carries a risk. Actually, if the governor really wants to make money, how about a tanning tax for those who bask in the Arizona sun and hike their risk of skin cancer?
The way to get at the costs of health care is to take a long hard look at prices, overuse of services and fraud. But that would be too hard. Picking on the poor is just lazy and mean.

SECTIONS
NEWS
INVESTIGATIONS
POLITICS
HEALTH
TECH & SCIENCE
POP CULTURE
BUSINESS
LATINO
TV
NIGHTLY NEWS
MEET THE PRESS
DATELINE
TODAY
TOP STORYLINES
MISSING JET
FORT HOOD SHOOTING
DEADLY MUDSLIDE
FEATURED
30 SECONDS TO KNOW
DEBUNKER
SHOW ME
FIRST READ
FLASHBACK
ANN CURRY
MARIA SHRIVER
MULTIMEDIA
VIDEO
PHOTO
TOP STORIES
U.S. NEWS
20 minutes
New Jersey Mom Stashed Booze in Baby Stroller: Cops
FROM NBC NEW YORK
MISSING JET 441 OF 442 35 minutes
 Two ships looking for the Malaysian Airlines jet now have picked up faint acoustic signals, a leader of the search effort said Sunday.
More 'Acoustic Events' Reported in Hunt for Jet
MISSING JET 442 OF 442 42 minutes
 Far above the doomed plane on the surface of the southern Indian Ocean, hundreds of seamen and women are scouring the waves for any sign of the plane.
Countdown to Silence: Plane's Secrets May Stay Buried Forever
U.S. NEWS
an hour
 Hundreds of Mormon women who want ecclesiastical equality were denied admittance to a male-only session of their faith's spring conference on Saturday
Mormon Women Turned Away From Priesthood Meeting
MORE FROM NBC
LOCAL NEWS
WEATHER
SPORTS
CNBC
MSNBC.COM
NBC.COM
BREAKINGNEWS.COM
NBC LEARN
RE/CODE
PEACOCK PRODUCTIONS
NEXT STEPS FOR VETS
PARENT TOOLKIT
menu
NBCNEWS HOMELATESTSEARCH      
NEWS/OTHER
Oct 10
NBC/WSJ poll: Shutdown debate damages GOP
BY MARK MURRAY
The Republican Party has been badly damaged in the ongoing government shutdown and debt limit standoff, with a new NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll finding that a majority of Americans blame the GOP for the shutdown, and with the party’s popularity declining to its lowest level.

By a 22-point margin (53 percent to 31 percent), the public blames the Republican Party more for the shutdown than President Barack Obama – a wider margin of blame for the GOP than the party received during the poll during the last shutdown in 1995-96.

J. SCOTT APPLEWHITE / AP
House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio departs the Capitol in Washington, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2013, en route to the White House to a meeting with President Barack Obama.
Just 24 percent of respondents have a favorable opinion about the GOP, and only 21 percent have a favorable view of the Tea Party, which are both at all-time lows in the history of poll.

Read the full poll here (.pdf)

And one year until next fall’s midterm elections, American voters prefer a Democratic-controlled Congress to a Republican-controlled one by eight percentage points (47 percent to 39 percent), up from the Democrats’ three-point advantage last month (46 percent to 43 percent).

What’s more, Obama’s political standing has remained relatively stable since the shutdown, with his approval rating ticking up two points since last month, and with the Democratic Party’s favorability rating declining just three points (from 42 percent to 39 percent).

“If it were not so bad for the country, the results could almost make a Democrat smile,” says Democratic pollster Peter D. Hart, who conducted the survey with Republican pollster Bill McInturff.

“These numbers lead to one inescapable conclusion: The Republicans are not tone deaf; they are stone deaf.”

A ‘boomerang’ effect for the GOP

Yet what is perhaps even more worrisome for the GOP is the “boomerang” effect: As the party has used the shutdown and fiscal fight to campaign against the nation’s health-care law and for limited government, the poll shows those efforts have backfired.

 For one thing, the health-care law has become more popular since the shutdown began. Thirty-eight percent see the Affordable Care Act (or “Obamacare”) as a good idea, versus 43 percent who see it as a bad idea – up from 31 percent good idea, 44 percent bad idea last month.

In addition, 50 percent say they oppose totally eliminating funding for the law, even if it that means a partial shutdown of the government. That’s up from 46 percent who said they opposed that move in a Sept. 2013 CNBC poll.

And by a 52-percent-to-44 percent difference, respondents believe the government should do more to solve problems. Back in June, the public was split, 48 percent to 48 percent, on whether the government should do more or less.


“That is an ideological boomerang,” says McInturff, the GOP pollster. “As the debate has been going on, if there is a break, there is a break against the Republican position.”

Obama’s approval rating ticks up to 47 percent

While the shutdown has wounded the Republican Party, Obama’s overall political standing remains stable in the poll.

Forty-seven percent of Americans approve of his job performance, which is actually up two points from last month (though that’s within the survey’s margin of error).

That’s compared with just 24 percent who approve of congressional Republicans, and 36 percent who approve of congressional Democrats.

Read the full poll here (.pdf)

Obama – with a 47 percent favorable, 41 percent unfavorable rating – also is the most popular political figure or institution in the poll, surpassing the Democratic Party (39 percent favorable/40 percent unfavorable); Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas (14 percent favorable/28 percent unfavorable); Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (18 percent favorable/32 percent unfavorable); and House Speaker John Boehner (17 percent favorable/42 percent unfavorable).

At the bottom of the list are the Tea Party (21 percent favorable/47 percent unfavorable) and the Republican Party (24 percent favorable/53 percent unfavorable) – their lowest favorable numbers in the history of the poll.

And 46 percent of respondents say the president, during this budget standoff, has been a strong leader and is standing up for what he believes in, versus 51 percent who believe he’s putting his own political agenda ahead of what’s good for the country.

By comparison, a whopping 70 percent say congressional Republicans are putting politics first.

“Obama comes into the fight in as good of shape as he entered it,” says Hart, the Democratic pollster.

But there is one silver lining for Republicans: By a 43-percent-to-40 percent margin, the public disagrees with Obama’s position that he will not negotiate with the Republicans until they reopen government and raise the debt ceiling.


Economic confidence drops like a rock

Beyond the politics, the poll finds that the government shutdown and the debate over raising the debt ceiling have made Americans more pessimistic about the country’s direction and economy.

Just 14 percent believe the nation is headed in the right direction – a 16-point drop from last month. In fact, the last time it reached this level in the NBC/WSJ poll was during the 2008 financial crisis.

In addition, only 17 percent think the U.S. economy will improve in the next 12 months, which is down 10 points from September.

And 63 percent say the budget negotiations between Obama and congressional Republicans have made them less confident about the economy.

“All you can say is – what a waste,” Hart says about the government shutdown and fiscal standoff.
Hi, I’m Al Franken. I'm running for the United States Senate here in Minnesota.

I'd like to talk to you about why I'm running. 

I’m not a typical politician.  I’ve spent my career as a comedian. Minnesotans have a right to be skeptical about whether I’m ready for this challenge, and to wonder how seriously I would take the responsibility that I’m asking you to give me.

I want you to know: nothing means more to me than making government work better for the working families of this state, and over the next twenty months I look forward to proving to you that I take these issues seriously.  

Today, however, I want to take a few moments to explain to you why I take these issues personally.  

My family moved to Albert Lea from New Jersey when I was four years old.  My dad never graduated high school and never had a career as such, but my mom’s father, my grandpa, owned a quilting factory out East and gave my dad a chance to start up a new factory in Albert Lea.  After about two years, the factory failed, and we moved up to the Twin Cities.

Years later, I asked my dad, “Why Albert Lea?”  And he said, “Well, your grandfather wanted to open a factory in the Midwest, and the railroad went through Albert Lea.”

So, I asked him, “Why did the factory fail?”

And he said, “Well, it went through Albert Lea, but it wouldn’t stop.”

That was my dad – great guy, terrible businessman.  He got a job as a printing salesman, and my mom worked as a real estate agent.  The four of us – I have an older brother, Owen – lived in a two-bedroom, one-bath house in St. Louis Park.

That was my childhood.  I grew up in a hard-working middle class family just like many of yours.  And as a middle-class kid growing up in Minnesota back then, I felt like the luckiest kid in the world.  And I was.

My wife, Franni, whom I met our freshman year of college, wasn’t quite as lucky.  When she was seventeen months old, her dad – a decorated veteran of World War II – died in a car accident, leaving her mother, my mother-in-law, widowed with five kids.

My mother-in-law worked in the produce department of a grocery store, but that family made it because of Social Security survivor benefits.  Sometimes there wasn’t enough food on the table, sometimes they turned off the heat in the winter – this was in Portland, Maine, almost as cold as Minnesota – but they made it.

Every single one of the four girls in Franni’s family went to college, thanks to Pell Grants and other scholarships.  My brother-in-law, Neil, went into the Coast Guard, where he became an electrical engineer.

And my mother-in-law got herself a $300 GI loan to fix her roof, and used the money instead to go to the University of Maine.  She became a grade school teacher, teaching Title One kids – poor kids – and so her loan was forgiven.

My mother-in-law and every single one of those five kids became a productive member of society.  Conservatives like to say that people need to pull themselves up by their bootstraps – and that’s a great idea.  But first, you’ve got to have the boots.  And the government gave my wife’s family the boots.

That’s what progressives like me believe the government is there for.  To provide security for middle-class families like the one I grew up in, and opportunity for working poor families like the one Franni grew up in.

By the way, I stole that boots line from Tim Walz, our great new congressman from Southern Minnesota. Tim’s father died when he was a kid, and he and his brother and his mom made it because of Social Security.    

Last year I traveled all over the state of Minnesota on behalf of Tim and other Democrats: from Waseca and Wabasha up to Fergus Falls and Detroit Lakes, over to Bemidji and the Iron Range, from Duluth down to Albert Lea, I was in Hastings and all over the metro, up in St. Cloud a few times, eating a lot of beans and buns and burgers and maybe a few too many Dairy Queens along the way.  But most importantly, I talked to Minnesotans and listened.  

They told me that they’re sick of politics as usual—and they're sick of the usual politicians.

And I’ll tell you what else they told me.  It’s different now than it was for me and Franni.  When Franni’s sisters were using them to go to college, Pell Grants paid for 90% of a college education.  Today, they pay for 40%.  And President Bush, with the help of his Republican allies in Congress, have even tried to privatize Social Security.  You should have heard Franni when they tried to do that.

It’s different for middle-class families, too.  These families are being squeezed harder and harder every year.  Maybe you know what it's like to be one health crisis away from bankruptcy. Maybe you, or your parents or grandparents, can't afford prescriptions.  Maybe you have kids, and you’re worried about paying for their college.  Maybe someone you love is in Iraq, and you don’t know how long they’ll have to stay there, or what will happen when they come home.

Middle-class families today struggle with that feeling of insecurity—the sense that things can fall apart without notice, outside of your control. 

Your government should have your back.  That should be our mission in Washington, the one FDR gave us during another challenging time: freedom from fear. 

Americans have never backed away from challenges. And Minnesotans have always led the way. Our state has sent strong, progressive leaders to Washington—from Hubert Humphrey to Walter Mondale to Paul Wellstone, and now to Amy Klobuchar. Minnesota's public servants might not always look and sound like typical politicians, but they stand by their principles and lead by their values.  

That's the kind of leader I think we need more of these days, and that's the kind of Senator I'll be.

President Clinton used to say that there’s nothing wrong with America that can’t be fixed by what’s right with America, or, as I would add, by what’s right with Minnesota.  We can lead the fight against global warming and dependence on foreign oil by developing new sources of renewable energy—and create good Minnesota jobs in the process.  We can lead the nation in finding life-saving cures by harnessing the potential of stem-cell research.  We can lead the nation by sending someone to the Senate who’ll be a voice for a strong and responsible America, one that uses its relationship with our allies to create a better and more secure world for ourselves and for future generations.

My political hero is Paul Wellstone.  He used to say, “The future belongs to those who are passionate and work hard.” I may be a comedian by trade, but I’m passionate about the issues that matter to your family because they mattered to mine, too.  And I’m ready to work as hard as I can to help us build a better future together.

Thanks for listening, and I’ll see you on the trail.
