This week saw the annual invasion of New York's East Side, as international big-shots flocked to the United Nations. This brief appearance of world leaders serves to lend a modicum of legitimacy to an organization that is the embodiment of waste, fraud, abuse and inertia, the proscenium of world political theater, where, for example, Nikita Krushchev banged his shoe on the podium to emphasize the Russian approach to the balance of world power.

Both Mahmood Achmedinejad and Benjamin Netanyahu addressed the General Assembly, and both spoke of existential threats, not surprising at a time when the speculation is that Israel may soon launch an airstrike to slow Iran's development of nuclear weapons. Although he is a riveting public speaker, Netanyahu demonstrated his points with a crude training aid that looked as if it had been drawn by a grade-schooler, and the overall effect did not make the Israeli argument more convincing.

Netanyahu's point, however, was easy to discern, and with many people expecting an Israeli pre-emptive strike it is worth examining some of the realities of the situation.

Iran has been working on acquiring nuclear weapons for decades, and its ownership of them would be dangerous and would spawn armed conflict and further proliferation. The American position has been that an Iran with nuclear weapons can not be abided, but the real questions revolve around how best to stop the development...and when to do it.

Turning uranium into a weapon is a process that requires technology that Iran haas already acquired, and the first part of it---enriching uranium to 5%---is the most arduous. Further enrichment, to the 90% needed for a weapon, is actually easier. The concern is that Iran is already near the 5% level, but how close is a matter of some debate and informs what actions are to be taken to dissuade continued development. The American view is that Iran is not too close, and that there is a chance that economic sanctions and diplomatic means will be effective. Israel on the other hand, does not have the luxury of being wrong about this.

But as difficult as it is to influence with economic means the hardened theocrats in Teheran, a military strike may be even more difficult. Because we have all waited for decades to do something about Iran, targets are now dispersed and hardened. Smaller, simpler ordnance that would have sufficed twenty years ago will not be enough, and large numbers of big bombs, some of which Israel does not possess, will be required. Then there is the problem of getting to the targets, and all possible flight paths will require violating neighbors' airspace, mid-air refueling from tankers, and aircraft losses over Iran. There are ancillary considerations, too, not the least of which is that Israel will have only one shot at an attack and must get it right the first time. So, it shouldn't come as a surprise that most of Israel's military establishment thinks a unilateral strike is a bad idea and have advised against it, and the United States---after a decade of using its military resources inexpertly and inconclusively, desperate to save money, withdrawing from the region, and fearing Muslim backlash---wants no part of it.

This mess is a cautionary tale for all those who wish to influence other actors on the world stage. Among the lessons is that, although precipitous action usually ends in tears, bad news doesn't get any better with age, and ignoring problems until they are nearly insoluble is often worse. Sometimes doing nothing is a splendid idea, but being able to make that decision requires statecraft that Just before adjourning for a long and undeserved vacation until after the election, the Senate killed the Veterans' Jobs Corps bill. If the US Congress needed another reason to be despised by the people it purportedly represents, it now has one.

The unemployment rate of veterans is at least 35% higher---and by some measures 50% higher---than that of the general population. The irony, of course, is that veterans have had responsibility and authority way out of proportion to their youth and are more qualified than their contemporaries to tackle complex tasks and to complete them with efficiency. So, jobs for veterans isn't charity, and all endeavors can benefit from their skill, resourcefulness and discipline.

But even if their value were only that they have served us in unpleasant circumstances at a time when nobody else has felt the obligation to do so, veterans should receive some consideration for their uncommon sacrifice. The Senate disagreed and killed the bill by refusing to terminate a filibuster that was the roadblock to a floor vote. It is quite astonishing to consider that some Republicans who contributed to the drafting of the bipartisan effort actually voted against it, and now the bill is dead.

The complaint against the measure was its $1 Billion cost, not a trivial concern. However, it is difficult to swallow the Senate's objection to cost when it squanders many more billions on nonsense, and in any case, the cost of the program would have been offset by additional revenues. Even so, it was scuttled by a procedural finesse that took advantage of the odious rules that the Senate has established to preclude any progress on any measure.

In this case, it looks like the real objection was the probability of handing Obama a legislative victory in a term largely bereft of them. This is a tough election year, and although many polls give Obama an edge, there are still six weeks to go, and anything can happen. In this kind of environment, the slightest advantage is contested with a ferocity seen in few other arenas, and one should not be shocked that elected officials can be so bloody-minded. Disappointed, yes. Disgusted, yes. Shocked, decidedly not.

This Congress has largely ended its feeble effort in our name. It will re-convene briefly after the election, but no substantive progress will be made then, either. The next Congress will be seated to a full, nearly indigestible plate. Having demonstrated the inability to act on issues of bipartisan agreement, it is unnerving to consider how it will deal with problems, like the budget mess, that are fraught with difficult choices and few nodes of potential compromise.

Some expect that because the election will be over, the motivation to be petty and irresponsible will have disappeared. But no matter who wins the White House race, no matter who holds the largest number of seats in Congress, we should all be concerned that the nation's important business will continue to be handled in an inexpert, adolescent and self-serving manner. It's four years until we pick another president, and two years until the next Congressional election, but even that appears to be insufficient time for an institution with no sense of responsibility.neither the United States nor Israel has demonstrated recently. The details of what happened are hazy, but this much we do know: on 9-11-2012, four Americans were killed in Benghazi, and one of them was John Christopher Stevens, a career foreign service officer and our ambassador to Libya. Stevens is the first American ambassador to die in service in the last twenty years, and his death and the violence that surrounds it have had a striking political effect, internationally and domestically.

Although at first the assault on the American consulate seemed ad hoc and therefore much like the violence against the US embassy in Cairo, many observers now think that the attack in Benghazi was a planned operation. In Cairo, a mob, incensed at the depiction of Mohammed in an obscure American polemical film, stormed the embassy and entered its grounds, but there was no attack on American citizens. But it is difficult to tell what actually happened in Benghazi. One report is that Stevens and the other casualties were in a vehicle trying to leave the consulate amid a demonstration, and the vehicle was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade. Another source reported that Stevens was alive when he was brought to a hospital by Libyan police or soldiers, and that he had no wounds but instead died of asphyxia or smoke inhalation. Some say that he was killed by Qaddafi sympathizers. Others say that he was killed by Salafists or their allies. Whatever really happened, one major result of the dreadful event is that President Obama, who had secured the political campaign's national security high ground, must now play a little defense.

Obama and Romney have traded sharp barbs about the incident, with Romney's saying the mess is Obama's legacy of weakness and the president's castigating his opponent for using the tragedy to gain political advantage. But an American presidential campaign is, we regret, a blood sport. President Obama has already said that we will respond decisively in some way, but that is a promise based only on the expectation created by his success in getting bin Laden. Meanwhile, Romney will nip at his heels.

Neither political convention was interesting, and each succeeded only to squander as much public money as possible on a social event to celebrate a process that has been fundamentally altered by money itself. But during and after the convention, although Romney castigated Obama for many things, it was interesting that he said nothing about Obama's handling of national security, and for a couple of good reasons. For one thing, many of Romney's defense views are not diametrically opposed to Obama's. Romney is a pragmatist who could be expected to continue such policies as the campaign to bomb enemies in Pakistan, Yemen and elsewhere, while permitting---or even accelerating---the withdrawal of American forces from Afghanistan. For another, until the the mess yesterday, the view of most Americans has been that Obama has actually done relatively well in national security. The most recent polls, in an historic reversal, say that, while the Republican will be better with the economy, it's the Democrat who is more adept at national security. A large part of this, of course, is a function of the killing of Osama bin Laden.

But all this has changed, at least for now, with the breach of American soil in Cairo and the murder of Ambassador Stevens. The most likely event is that the situations in Libya, Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan (and perhaps even Egypt) will deteriorate between now and election day, and Romney will say that the chaos demonstrates Obama's naivete, ineptitude and lack of fortitude. The chips that Obama has amassed from his policies of surge, withdrawal and assassination will be lost in the aftermath of the Arab Spring, the unintended consequence of encouraging republican democracy among people with a taste for something completely different.The details of what happened are hazy, but this much we do know: on 9-11-2012, four Americans were killed in Benghazi, and one of them was John Christopher Stevens, a career foreign service officer and our ambassador to Libya. Stevens is the first American ambassador to die in service in the last twenty years, and his death and the violence that surrounds it have had a striking political effect, internationally and domestically.

Although at first the assault on the American consulate seemed ad hoc and therefore much like the violence against the US embassy in Cairo, many observers now think that the attack in Benghazi was a planned operation. In Cairo, a mob, incensed at the depiction of Mohammed in an obscure American polemical film, stormed the embassy and entered its grounds, but there was no attack on American citizens. But it is difficult to tell what actually happened in Benghazi. One report is that Stevens and the other casualties were in a vehicle trying to leave the consulate amid a demonstration, and the vehicle was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade. Another source reported that Stevens was alive when he was brought to a hospital by Libyan police or soldiers, and that he had no wounds but instead died of asphyxia or smoke inhalation. Some say that he was killed by Qaddafi sympathizers. Others say that he was killed by Salafists or their allies. Whatever really happened, one major result of the dreadful event is that President Obama, who had secured the political campaign's national security high ground, must now play a little defense.

Obama and Romney have traded sharp barbs about the incident, with Romney's saying the mess is Obama's legacy of weakness and the president's castigating his opponent for using the tragedy to gain political advantage. But an American presidential campaign is, we regret, a blood sport. President Obama has already said that we will respond decisively in some way, but that is a promise based only on the expectation created by his success in getting bin Laden. Meanwhile, Romney will nip at his heels.

Neither political convention was interesting, and each succeeded only to squander as much public money as possible on a social event to celebrate a process that has been fundamentally altered by money itself. But during and after the convention, although Romney castigated Obama for many things, it was interesting that he said nothing about Obama's handling of national security, and for a couple of good reasons. For one thing, many of Romney's defense views are not diametrically opposed to Obama's. Romney is a pragmatist who could be expected to continue such policies as the campaign to bomb enemies in Pakistan, Yemen and elsewhere, while permitting---or even accelerating---the withdrawal of American forces from Afghanistan. For another, until the the mess yesterday, the view of most Americans has been that Obama has actually done relatively well in national security. The most recent polls, in an historic reversal, say that, while the Republican will be better with the economy, it's the Democrat who is more adept at national security. A large part of this, of course, is a function of the killing of Osama bin Laden.

But all this has changed, at least for now, with the breach of American soil in Cairo and the murder of Ambassador Stevens. The most likely event is that the situations in Libya, Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan (and perhaps even Egypt) will deteriorate between now and election day, and Romney will say that the chaos demonstrates Obama's naivete, ineptitude and lack of fortitude. The chips that Obama has amassed from his policies of surge, withdrawal and assassination will be lost in the aftermath of the Arab Spring, the unintended consequence of encouraging republican democracy among people with a taste for something completely different.Former SEAL Matt Bissonnette's memoir, No Easy Day, is slated for release this week, but it's already created an enormous stir, and the publisher, Penguin, is reported to have nearly doubled the first printing to 575,000 copies. Full disclosure: Penguin is also the publisher of my memoir, If Not Now, When.

Bissonnette's book contains details about the raid in Abbotabad, Pakistan, during which Osama bin Laden was killed. Among other  interesting revelations, Bissonnette, who participated in the operation, writes that bin Laden was not killed while reaching for his weapon, as the government contended. But the most hotly debated question is whether or not the book should be published at all, considering that it contains a wealth of information not previously made public. It is unlikely that there's anything classified in it, because both Bissonnette and the government are acting as if there isn't.

An important factor in Bissonnette's calculus is that he is no longer in the Navy. If he were, he would be subject to the Uniform Code of Military Justice, could be forced to present the manuscript for editing and, if he refused, would be punished. This alone would probably be enough to convince him. But he is not in uniform anymore, and so the Defense Department's leverage in this case is very low. If the book does contain classified information, the feds have a case, but there's no way of knowing that until after the book is out. And it will be very difficult to convince a judge to enjoin publication because, even in cases involving national security, prior restraint---preventing disclosure before the fact---is rarely invoked, and the standard of proof is high.

Unlike Great Britain, we don't have an Official Secrets Act that restricts speech even after uniformed personnel, officials and government employees leave service, and given the strength of the First Amendment, we are unlikely to have one. We place the burden on the government to control the flow of information, although it doesn't do a very good job of it.

With few options open to it, the government has exercised the only action it can: threatening a civil suit. So far, however, it has not had the effect the government desires. The weakness of the threat suggests that his publisher has promised it will provide a vigorous defense, or has pledged that it will pay any judgment against Bissonnette, with the assumption that the huge publicity occasioned by the controversy will more than compensate for any settlement that will have to be paid.

Meanwhile, Bissonnette's public relations efforts have included an assertion that he will donate some of the book's proceeds to troops' charitable causes and an accusation the government is acting with a political purpose in mind. Contributing money to charity is a noble thing to do, but Bissonnette's pledge is really much too vague to counter an argument that he is in it only for the money. There is, of course, nothing wrong with doing it for the money, but the fact that he feels compelled to defend a position that defends itself makes one very interested in seeing the specifics.

As for the charge of politics, there are few things that lack some political component, especially in an election year, but that is not the reason the Department of Defense wants the book squelched. With little government control over unclassified but sensitive information, Bissonnette's book sets a precedent that makes it likely we will see many more revelations from others who have been privy to government information. and if these people can get paid for it---well, who among them won't do it?
